# Sprint Demo — 2025.01.20

[OS Hub] Sprint Demo - 2025/01/20 09:58 EST - Transcript
Attendees
Anhelina Bohdanova, Anhelina Bohdanova's Presentation, Anna Bondar, Iryna Mostovenko, Kate Chapman, Nessa Drew, Nessa Drew's Presentation, Olek Mazur, Olek Mazur's Presentation, Pranali Chhatbar, Stephan Protsack, Stephan Protsack's Presentation, Vadim Kovalenko, Vadim Kovalenko's Presentation, Vlad Shapik, Vlad Shapik's Presentation
Transcript
Anhelina Bohdanova: Okay, let's start the demo for spring 47. And who would like to start? Vlad would it be you?
Vlad Shapik: Hello everyone. I will demo the task about upgrading database to version 13. so to avoid double AWS spilling for the relational database instances the posgress version has been upgraded to the next supported version by AWS which is 13 and right now the changes have been deployed to the test environment and everything was successfully
Vlad Shapik: provisioned. we have set 13 version. this also should improve database performance although not significantly and fix some known bugs within the DB. in the next spring, we plan to upgrade the database to the latest version 17 to ensure it's fully upgraded and to avoid extra AWS charges which are thousands of dollars. Thank you. That's all from my site.
Anhelina Bohdanova: Thank you, Vlad. Nessa, you be next.
Nessa Drew: Yes, thank you. Hello Sharing my screen. So, today I will demonstrate this task which is about some sorting parameter. after expanding the sorting sort by contributors descending appears as a parameter which is automatically attached to the URL. We can see this bug on production. this parameter is necessary but not on the old pages.
Olek Mazur: What's next? Hey,
Nessa Drew: So this bug has been fixed and I will show here we can see the test environment. we don't see this parameter when we press find facilities.
Nessa Drew: and the condition of the ticket was to show this parameter on this page and we can see it we can change it as it was previously and don't show it on the profile page but I want to notice you that the sorting parameter will be saved here in the state and applied when the user will go back from facility profile to the main page. And the last but not least place where we have to see this parameter it's for embedded map.
Olek Mazur: Let's pick up. that
Nessa Drew: The next task I want to de demonstrate has been implemented by Roman.
Nessa Drew: and the scope of this task was connecting entrance points to single location contribution flow via button on the upload screen and via contribute single location road. let me show you. so this screen has been implemented here.  We can see in the right bottom corner the button at single location. so the first entrance point. The second one we can so we can press add data and actually appears here on this page.
Nessa Drew: And the second one entrance point it's through the exact link contribute/ single location and you can choose the flow choosing the tab and what I want to mention that this button still is currently disabled as the team is still working on integrating the contribution flow. that's it from my side. Thank you.
Anhelina Bohdanova: Thank you,…
Anhelina Bohdanova: Sasha
Olek Mazur: Yeah. Thank Hello everyone.
Olek Mazur: I will continue. Let me share my screen. So let me start during the previous sprint I implemented the UI part for the results page for name So I want to show you this page. Let's try to find some name and address and anyone country and let's search.
00:05:00
Olek Mazur: So page with successful results. here you can see the number of results and the list of production locations that were found by search parameters. so each row has select button and at the bottom it is a sticky button. after clicking on it, you can see two buttons where user can returned back to the searching and actually can be redirected to adding a new production locations.
Olek Mazur: so also it is a different page for unsuccessful search results but technically I can't demonstrate it on the test environment so I just prepare a screenshot how it looks like. So that's about it. Thank you.
Anhelina Bohdanova: Thank you.
Vadim Kovalenko: Hey everyone. Let me show the screen first. I probably need to show entire screen to show the full. So I managed to finish the task about connect API endpoints with contribution record page.  So basically it's about integrating our newly created v1 endpoints to moderation records. So let's test this out. So there is a moderation record table with predefined moderation events here and let's test them.
Vadim Kovalenko: So for instance, let's click on this pending moderation event. And as you can see, we have a page here with its status and object that represents the so no potential matches for this particular one and we can reject it or create new location based on this endpoint.  Also we are going to plement go to claim feature in the near future but let's test what we currently have for instance let it be reject contribution so if I click on it there will be a popup and UI will be blocked so once this record be rejected it switched to reject
Vadim Kovalenko: status So we no longer able to do anything with this moderation event. So all buttons here actually disabled. let's test another moderation event. I'm going to refresh the table and this one for instance. and let's create a new location based on this event. and the flow pretty much the same but the difference that now it has been approved and as you can see this event received associated with ID which represents a newly created production location that we can try to find on our website.
Vadim Kovalenko: So if I go here and paste it into the search field, there will be a newly created production location with data that we had in this moderation event. Basically, let's try to find some moderation events with potential matches. okay.  So okay.
00:10:00
Vadim Kovalenko: So we have this one and if we confirm it with one of the matches we also get a response with approved status which means that this data associate with already existed production location and as you can see here it has been highlighted and  the text in the button has switched to matched and all confirmation buttons are disabled as well.  So basically we created a new ticket that will help us to distinguish between create new location and confirm match.
Vadim Kovalenko: So we will know a historical action of data moderator and then we will be able to filter out or highlight some helperation events that has been confirmed as a potential match or new production locations were created based on this moderation event. one more thing I want to show you related to this ticket is that once we have post production locations in point we are able to create a new migration event using API tokens.
Vadim Kovalenko: So if I run this query and as you can see I received associated moderation event here and I can get it just to verify whether it has been applied successfully in our open search index and as you can see it is here and it should be appeared  on Q table as So here Basically this is a newly created moderation event. As you can see it's OD ID matches the one we've got in Postman. So that's all from my side. Thank you.
Anhelina Bohdanova: Thank And I will also show some stats in numbers for the sprint. So currently we have completed 50 story points and 33 story points are in progress but I suppose that this task with postgress update can be accomplished until the end of sprint. Am I right? Yeah.  And what about contribute SLC? So we've completed 18 story points. And also I've noticed that some tasks were moved to the next sprint. So now it looks like it. And that's all.
Stephan Protsack: I have an additional devil to be honest that's not related at the same time. so if there are now other things right now I would like to show that if possible. so one of the things that we're kind of working on during this quarter is moving our homepage to open search.
Stephan Protsack: And one of the main things we want to change is how tile is being generated and original idea was the idea was whether open search can do this tile generation thing and how will it really perform with let's say million moderation location.  So what I did while scoping the work for transition to open search I actually tried to implement the super basic level of tile generation PC. So I've downloaded the latest database so it's million production locations.
Stephan Protsack: It doesn't look exactly how it looks on our homepage, but there's bear with me for a second. So, one of the things that I did is I actually tried to put all them on the map and see how well it renders, whether we can search through it in real time and other things like that.  So this is all those g hex hexagons are being returned from open search by default. I'll dive into the API a little bit more so it kind of highlights the areas that have the most production locations and then when you start to zoom in it's actually dynamically lo everything from open search. It's one of the default functions.
00:15:00
Stephan Protsack: So we can play around the map, look around. and then let's say we want to zoom in on Massachusetts. So again, more we zoom in, we get the same type of grid. And then when we zoom in to a specific level, it becomes a marker. So all this was made basically using one of the things that is called geohexag grid aggregation.
Stephan Protsack: I'm switching to the documentation I'll just skip through so they return the hex grids with counts of documents and that's default behavior of one of our coordinates data field indexed in open search and then allows us to do those kinds of aggregation that are completely tied to your  search results. so all that's done there and then let's say I'm going to look for a specific thing in our stud and then when I look here I get my results. So there what's like x amount of location.
Stephan Protsack: All of this is done completely using our open search index and was one of the things that I'm using in terms of how we're scoping the transition to open search work. yeah, that's kind of pretty much it.
Anhelina Bohdanova: Thanks, are there any questions to demo to anyone?
Kate Chapman: I had a question regarding the map. do you think will you be able to get the visualization…
Kate Chapman: where it looks simil this very close to what we have now and I'll preface this with I don't think what we have now is good but
Stephan Protsack: Yes, we can do the only thing that…
Stephan Protsack: if probably the only thing that would be hard to nail within this type of visualization it's actually you have the grids one you think you need to do a little bit of math to get a circle  But their default grid is adjusted for the curvature of the earth. So our circles are all of the equal size. that might be a little bit of an overkill to try to figure out how to do. But other than that it can look almost identically although it can behave identically. The only thing would be is circles are a little bit different.
Stephan Protsack: So that's all.
Kate Chapman: So the next step would be to take the centroid of the hex the display.
Stephan Protsack: Yeah, you have all the B. So I remember the name of the library, but it gives you the whole boundaries of the polygon. So you have all the The only thing you need to do you have the points you have in center. If you want to make a circle, you just need to do a little bit of math. That's all that there's nothing complicated there. And that can be done in the browser. It's not quite comput intensive or something like that.
Kate Chapman: Great things.
Stephan Protsack: I mean, it's one of the things that is good it's kind of out of the box by default. So, there's additional things you need to do other than create an index or coordinates and then we would have to of course translate that into the meaning but that's also one of the things we can do. I think Kate we can talk about this in a different meaning but it's kind of gives our users the ability to do their polygon based searches through API and things like that.  So it might be some things we want to talk to end users about whether they have any interest in doing that because it would be one of the main differences right now we have tile generation and then we have search but now it's kind of the same thing. So search and tile generation are linked together meaning they can provide all of those things that we need to do tile generation to do searching.
00:20:00
Stephan Protsack: So yes, thanks for taking
Kate Chapman: Emily's been making maps related to the California fires out in Los Angeles and it's sort of a weird hacky thing cuz the custom search is in the URL you and then there's some reason you can only use 100 vertices. it's good enough for now, but we've reached sort of the limits of what we can do with that system.
Stephan Protsack: Nothing.
Anhelina Bohdanova: Okay, then I guess we are done for demo. Yeah, let me stop the recording.
Meeting ended after 00:21:14 👋
This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
