# OS Hub <> S&F Case Study Interview — 2025.12.10

Olga Michai 00:00:06
Hi. Hi, kate. How are you? I'm well. How are you doing? Great. Nice to finally meet you.
Olga Michai 00:00:16
I've heard a lot. So many good words about you.
Kate Chapman 00:00:20
Thank you. Nice to meet you, too.
Olga Michai 00:00:23
Great. Yeah, I. You can see a third person here.
Kate Chapman 00:00:29
I'm familiar with the SNF bot.
Olga Michai 00:00:35
All right. Would you mind? All right. Okay, great. So let me probably start with introduction because we have never seen each other before. So I think I'm a spit and function dinosaur. I've been here for 10 years and.
Olga Michai 00:00:55
Yeah. Behind the scenes. And. I've been in many different roles. And right now I'm passionate about building culture and our experience. How we colle collaborate internally and. Outside.
Olga Michai 00:01:12
Spinoff Hunchback. And Anna invited me to talking to you and this is my pleasure. I'm. I'm so grateful. Right. How. How are you these days?
Kate Chapman 00:01:29
I'm okay. You probably know then I have a fairly long history with speed and function. I don't know how many years now because it's spanned two roles that I've had. So. And where are you based? I'm in. On the west coast of the United States.
Olga Michai 00:01:50
Oh, that's early for you, right?
Kate Chapman 00:01:52
No, I mean, it's. 9:00Am that's not. Not early by a lot of my meeting standards.
Olga Michai 00:01:59
Okay. It's 6pm for me. I'm in Montenegro, in Budva.
Kate Chapman 00:02:06
I feel like I. Need to go eventually just. To partially to hang out. With the. SNF crew.
Olga Michai 00:02:13
Oh, you definitely invited. Very welcome. This October, we had a gathering and I'm a big fan of. Montenegro and because I love this penny country, so I try to share this love with everybody who comes. So I. I really welcome you to come anytime you decide to come.
Kate Chapman 00:02:36
Okay. I'll keep that in mind.
Olga Michai 00:02:39
All right. So, as Anna said, you know that. We. Writing a case study of our collaboration and I have a couple of more questions. I know you were interviewed already and I really appreciate your time that you're coming here and take your time with me. And maybe I don't want to ask the same questions, but just to start somewhere, maybe you can think of some early days of the SPUTN function and I mean with the OS hub team and. What maybe stood out for you then.
Olga Michai 00:03:28
When you think of that, yeah.
Kate Chapman 00:03:32
It was a little different since I feel like people met my expectations. And that was why when we had looked at vendors, why speed and function have been invited to. Apply. But, you know, a sense of curiosity and understanding the system and then. A combination of there, there are some short, short term issues that were really the system wasn't very stable, so having some. Willingness to, to figure it out and, and dig in. I can't remember there was some point where things.
Kate Chapman 00:04:15
There were real stability issues and I appreciate that. Where you have the team members that are assigned to a project, but then it's deeper than that if needed as well. And so just a very professional, well organized team and then be able to think through both the short term and the long. Long term needs and having well established processes I think is important as well. And yeah, it really, it really made a difference. I. I'm a little fuzzy on the timescale, but it used to be if someone was giving a demo we'd be like, okay, please. And yeah, so that, that's how I would describe it.
Kate Chapman 00:05:02
You know, curiosity, collaboration. But with good process as well and like a methodology to.
Olga Michai 00:05:13
You're saying a lot of good words and you. I just want to say say it purposely that you can also mention some issues if they were any. This is also important. This is also part of the story, right?
Kate Chapman 00:05:28
For sure. I don't remember any specific issues in the beginning. I think it was kind. I think it was actually a relief to. To our product manager to have like a team and, and structure and everything that came, came along. Yeah. And I don't know if it's just because it's been.
Kate Chapman 00:05:56
Two and a half, maybe a little more years. I don't remember any specific issues right at the beginning. There's, you know, when you collaborate, there's always bumps. But I think in the beginning, it was really. Things were really different, which is beneficial.
Olga Michai 00:06:16
And how your team, like, reacted or adopted because as you say, collaborating between new partners has some bumps. So how was that?
Kate Chapman 00:06:28
I think it went well. I think the main tension. Can be. Between the two different organizations ways of working. But I think it's actually beneficial to Open Supply Hub, which maybe sounds a little confusing where, you know, the engineers and the team really wants to deeply understand the problem space. But Open Supply Hub is a very meeting heavy organization like acts, has a very I call NGO culture. Like you could go to a non technical ngo.
Kate Chapman 00:07:02
And so there's always a tension between engineers need a lot of time to actually get stuff done and also understand what they're doing. So it moves effectively. And I think that it just took us time to figure out like the right cadence of who should be in what, what meetings and what's enough, because there was there have been times where there have been small misses, but it's like not almost not letting the SNF team in deep enough, if that makes sense, because it's meant to be working very closely.
Olga Michai 00:07:39
What are those small misses? Do you mean like missing some feature by some deadline? Or do you mean like. More like collaboration, alignment, or maybe some other way?
Kate Chapman 00:07:51
Yeah, I was trying to think of a specific example, and I'm. I'm not good at that sort of. I mean, things tend to just like too much time pass once it's a. So not like missing a whole feature. But maybe there was a slight thing that could have made it better, but it just shows a. It just shows not enough information was exchanged. If that makes.
Kate Chapman 00:08:12
It is. An example. For example, this is more recently. And also, you know, as cto. I'm not always. I'm not always. I'm not in all the regular rituals and whatnot.
Kate Chapman 00:08:25
But we. Wanted to do security. We were going to do some security. Security, I'm trying to remember. Yeah, we wanted to do security in a certain way. Well, I did, but I hadn't necessarily articulated that clearly. And.
Kate Chapman 00:08:41
But so there's always pressure to deliver and do the simplest thing. And so the simplest thing. The simplest thing wasn't acceptable in my mind, but it hadn't been articulated that it had to be this way or more complicated, so. But I think of those things as minor, I think, because I feel like there's always a balance of not wanting to bug heat too much, but also needing the understand understanding as well. So.
Olga Michai 00:09:14
Huh. I'm thinking about those. Delivering, like, the smallest thing and. And that pressure. And. I don't know. Did.
Olga Michai 00:09:29
Did that change now? Did. Do we. Do we still have this tension?
Kate Chapman 00:09:37
I mean, I think there's always. I think there's always that tension in engineering. It's just like, what is the smallest thing that's. So. I don't think that goes away. I think. I think when Stefan became available, which is quite some time ago, he really helped serve as glue.
Kate Chapman 00:09:58
Which I think is a crucial component. Peter was serving as our tech lead in the beginning, and Peter's brilliant. But there's a way that Stefan can describe the whole system to others that I think is helpful. But you give up with that, and this is just more like personalities and whatnot, is you give up that Peter will go into superhero mode and go, like, fix something. Which is. Great when there's, like. We don't have those, like, extreme tensions at the moment, like technological problems.
Kate Chapman 00:10:33
So it was a good transition. So I always appreciate also, as there's. There's been people on the project the whole time, same people. But then when there have been transitions, I think they have been. Like they've been well thought out and communicated from. From both sides as well. And I've always appreciated being involved in the hiring process and things like that, where we're like, oh, we.
Kate Chapman 00:10:57
This person might not be quite right. And then Ana always willing to go back and try to understand.
Olga Michai 00:11:06
Interesting. And were there any adaptations on your side to work with us? How did it look from the other side? Well, so I think.
Kate Chapman 00:11:21
I think some of the team getting used to the idea that you. The old the previous vendor would release I think once a quarter maybe I don't, I don't but the release cycle was real. Inconsistent and they also sort of wanted the here's what we want built and then like send it back over. So switching to working together releasing well we release every two weeks now I can't remember what we were doing at the beginning but a regular release cycle because I think the. Think members of the supply hub team felt like if I don't get this in now it's not coming for six months and you know we still can't deliver everything everyone wants. Like it's just not that much engineering but it's not a matter of like oh I would have to wait a year for the most important thing or whatever it might be. So I think that really helped build trust but was an adjustment because the.
Kate Chapman 00:12:31
Because a lot of open supply hub is supply chain experts, not platform. They don't have platform experience, even in like, even in whatever role they might be in. So I think. I think getting used. To what I would consider to be a more normal engineering process, I think was really beneficial.
Olga Michai 00:12:55
But it may require some time. Right. Time investment from your team members, because if you collaborate every second week instead of once a quarter, it may, you know, require some adaptation to that. I, I see that. Yeah.
Kate Chapman 00:13:11
Well, and it was less adaptation for.
Olga Michai 00:13:14
Cat in the room, sweetheart. I also have an orange cat.
Kate Chapman 00:13:20
Well, she's, she has a bed here on my desk so that she has to go lay down in it instead of standing on me. But yeah, so the more like our product manager and our more technical people, I think. Adapted very, very quickly because our product manager wanted to work at that level of having backlog grooming and having stand ups and everything. But if you haven't seen those types of processes, it requires people some. Understanding, I guess, because it's like, oh, we're not going to plan out the whole year. We can't. You know, we can have broad brush strokes.
Olga Michai 00:14:06
Yeah, Interesting. I'm curious to follow the whole chain from what we did. How it affect OS Hub and then how it affected your end users. And. I don't know what's your internal naming, but I understand that you have users and you also have clients. Right? Like customers.
Kate Chapman 00:14:34
Yeah. Well, so we often. The broad term, we call them stakeholders. You call those stakeholders? Well, if you were to like include every possible user and. But we're not using it like as a. Like just a generic term.
Kate Chapman 00:14:50
Exactly. You would just have. In a sentence where you're just trying to refer to. I mean we would. But there's people who have titles called Stakeholder Engagement and things like that. And it. That's basically anyone who operates in like the supply chain world.
Kate Chapman 00:15:06
The whole. Every possible user of the platform. And then we. And so there's groups that can apply for free access and there's also features that are always free. And then we have premium users who pay for products.
Olga Michai 00:15:24
Yeah. As well. So we, we have. That's how my cold customers. Because they don't know how to. Yeah.
Kate Chapman 00:15:31
Customers. But they're buying a premium product. And then. But then there's some people who are getting the premium product for free. And we treat them the same in, like, in customer success and things like that. Both the, the discount because we decide to give it to them for free. Like, there's, there's an application.
Kate Chapman 00:15:55
Yeah. So there's. And there's everyone from, like, the factories who are using a product, who are claiming and modifying their profile. That's free. We consider them very important. And then there's different types of stakeholder type users that just happen to be at the free tier. And then there's the premium.
Olga Michai 00:16:19
Got it. So. I want to trace the effects based on our collaboration, what became available for them, for those groups of users, what did we enable for them?
Kate Chapman 00:16:35
Yeah, I think. In the non functional requirement realm, which I'll go to the more exciting what it would enable. But it used to be whenever, like I was alluding to, whenever we had a demo, we would add more servers essentially temporarily and things like that, because we were trying to manage AWS costs, but also not have the site go down. But now the site's stable. But also the system has been built to self heal, so if a whole bunch of people use it, a human doesn't have to go fix it, it will fix itself. And so that's been huge in terms of just overall system stability and not having outages. And then on the, on the API side.
Kate Chapman 00:17:27
We had a customer who was really not happy and we. And then. And so Stefan and Hannah from our team went and spent a day with them in. Belgium. And it really turned them around, like, they're our biggest fan now. They were really unhappy about our API, so we went and did design. We went and really got their feedback and we knew we needed to design a new API.
Kate Chapman 00:18:01
So they went from refusing to pay to. We have a deeper collaboration with them. So being in it together when. When things happened, you know.
Olga Michai 00:18:16
Wow, what, what do you think made this change? Just being present, or was there any, like, just methodology change or.
Kate Chapman 00:18:28
Designing the new API based on actual needs? Because their use cases were very typical of our customers. But the old API was kind of confusing, like the, the. And so I think that's really what made a difference, was just really. Being there, getting requirements. And, you know, we didn't build it just for them, but they, they had a big influence in us deciding to do that and. And then continuing to communicate and, and give feedback.
Kate Chapman 00:19:02
But I really think that the thing that started to turn it around was spending the actual time with them.
Olga Michai 00:19:11
Just hear the. Hear them, and I guess then eliciting those requirements to be able to plan that new API. And for. For the broader group of users, as I heard. There was a system stability achievement and I guess that self fixing. It'S just like a user experience. I'm just trying to imagine myself as a user.
Olga Michai 00:19:50
So what do I see? It's probably invisible. For me.
Kate Chapman 00:19:59
It'S only visible if it doesn't work. Yeah, yeah.
Olga Michai 00:20:03
For me, it's like I have no frustration. Right. Because I don't experience those logs. Okay. Okay, Interesting.
Kate Chapman 00:20:13
And then to build on, I think that one of the things about the API that I learned I needed to communicate more broadly in Open Supply Hub and is we're not using it everywhere, but we've started using it to build features in the platform as well, user facing features. And I think it's gotten a lot better simply because. If we're our own users, then it makes a big difference. We had a data engineering expert come in to work for Open Supply Hub and he was able to set up advanced AI workflows. Because the API was good. It was crucial to communicate to non technical coworkers. It's not because.
Kate Chapman 00:21:05
The person we hired, I mean the person we hired is really good, but it's not just because of them, it's because of the base that they can build on top of.
Olga Michai 00:21:13
Yeah, you have the prep work done, so to enable that happening. Wow, great. Yeah, no, that. Interesting. And. I'm curious if. You know.
Olga Michai 00:21:40
Let me, let me rethink my questions because you partially answered on what I was about to ask. About what became available, and you immediately share that. Aiization. Let's go. So this way. Interesting. So I'm curious if you would write a story of our partnership.
Olga Michai 00:22:08
Like, what key moments would you say? I heard that it's a bright story about the pivoting moment with the client. But what would you call those key moments?
Kate Chapman 00:22:22
Like some other key moments or. I think we're in a really key moment now because. We have this data partnerships concept where other data holders can have custom field so we have all these profiles of production locations, factories. I kind of think of it as like LinkedIn for factories almost, but it's just the profile part. And so other partners that have factory data like it could be emissions or labor information or things like that, we can set up custom fields and then they can submit data via their API. Key. The reason I think we're at a moment is the Open Supply hub team built 11 partnerships to be able to do this.
Kate Chapman 00:23:17
But in working conjunction with Spin Function we built a flexible way to do this so we don't have to write code to onboard each partner. It's a configuration so I think that we're using it a little bit already but. And most of this will happen in the new year. But it really is going to, I think it's going to make a big difference because there's no, there's not a lot of waiting and, and there's flexibility. I think that's, that's a big difference. I think the.
Olga Michai 00:23:58
So can I clarify here? So that that configuration, that kind of streamlines the onboarding. Can I call this onboarding? So what does this enable to just. Save your time on doing it or enables to get more customers? Like. Which output is more tangible for you?
Kate Chapman 00:24:26
It gives flexibility and partnerships which can potentially be customers. Because there's two different aspects of it, both ends of the customer spectrum. There can be. We're trying to build a partnership with a data provider, and we want them to share some of their data on our platform. And making that easy. Then the other side is our customers who are consuming the data to make decisions often want as much data as possible about specific production locations. And so it allows us to respond to those needs as well, because not all.
Kate Chapman 00:25:10
Not all data. Do we need a whole big partnership to add? Even there's data that's just out there where we have our base level data. But if we found. For example, there's a data set of minimum wage by like county in the United States, we can start to mix that data as well. So it gives us options to make our data consuming customers happy. It makes it easier to get data sharing on board as well.
Olga Michai 00:25:41
So it fits two sides already. And wow, it seems like we're at the age of the new era.
Kate Chapman 00:25:53
Yeah, it's. Next year is definitely. It'S like setting up for 2026.
Olga Michai 00:26:05
So I don't want to take a lot of your time, but I do want to sum up just to make sure I hear what you said, not what I imagine I hear. So. If we say internally, I heard that there was a change in perception of the technical work internally in OS Hub. Like from the beginning, it was a change in frequency of collaboration related to the process with the. And then. I heard that it was the next slide for users. It was a bigger outcome that comes with system stability, that they just don't freak out, having some issues.
Olga Michai 00:27:01
Right. And that. There is more flexibility for oshub now to work with different groups of users, like providing them data. Okay, got it. Interesting. In the end, would you highlight something else? Maybe something that.
Olga Michai 00:27:32
Maybe something that you recall, maybe it's not officially in the interview questions, you know, like it's not something huge or major but I don't know, something, whatever is on your mind.
Kate Chapman 00:27:46
Well I was just gonna say I do appreciate the organ, the, the focus on feedback. So I always know that if I, if, if I can, I always know I can talk to Nick if I need to basically and escalate but not feel like I'm escalating. And you know how in some, a less like growth or oriented organization you might not escalate things because you're like oh no, they're gonna like fire the person or something. You know like that's not what you want. You want your concerns to be addressed. So I've always, I've appreciated the feedback culture and like things aren't always smooth but there's always been action, action taken and like, like an example was. There'S resistance to using AI or at least.
Kate Chapman 00:28:37
My understanding. There's tension going on throughout speed and function around that. And I'm definitely more in the, like, we need to figure out how to do this to the faster side of side of that camp. And so. I feel like there. It's been responsive. There's.
Kate Chapman 00:28:57
I think that tension has definitely been improved as well, because you could tell the engine, some engineers are a little resistant, you know, but.
Olga Michai 00:29:08
Yeah, I hear that. Okay. Yeah. Wow. That actually hits me personally in a pleasant way, because. What I'm working on right now is trying to understand the dependency between being growth organization, how our culture actually impact the business, like the outcomes that we provide for. Yeah.
Olga Michai 00:29:39
Our partners for their clients and. And you literally said that, you know, so you, you were not afraid to share that feedback. Right. Because you know that we're not going to fire that person. Yeah.
Kate Chapman 00:29:55
Yeah. That it's a gross minded organization. Yeah.
Olga Michai 00:29:58
Yeah. Okay. Okay. So the. So. Can I say that you, you feel more. Less doubted when you consider share or not to share feedback, I guess, right?
Kate Chapman 00:30:19
Yeah. I feel like I'll be listened to and then it's not going to come from a place of punishment. It'll come from a place of growth. In a, like, in a meaningful way. I mean, because. As far as the type of organization where the people have been invested, invested in it, like the. Like, I've, like, of the people that work on our team, like, I've worked with Vlad and Roman for years now, for example, and that's a sign, you know.
Olga Michai 00:30:52
Yeah. Yeah. All right. I know we're a little out of time, but. I, I, I would keep talking to you because it's so interesting and I, I really appreciate your time again. And. I, if you.
Olga Michai 00:31:13
New to interviewing honestly, and probably you feel that, but I'm curious. How do you feel now? And. What was the impression after this meeting? Like, maybe I could do something better and I would learn from that.
Kate Chapman 00:31:35
Not sure at this moment. I'll be curious to see the end. Like, the end result. Um, I think. I think for these. Types of conversations, I think you kept it very conversational, which I think can be important. And.
Kate Chapman 00:31:48
And so that worked. I don't know a less talkative person than me. I don't know if you'd need a different technique. Okay. Okay. Okay, Got it. If you think.
Kate Chapman 00:32:02
Of anything else or needs clarification, you know, you can just reach me on slack.
Olga Michai 00:32:07
Aha. That's good to know. Thank you. And I may take some time to digest this information. And thank you so much.
Kate Chapman 00:32:20
Thank you. Have a good evening.
Olga Michai 00:32:22
And you, too. Have a good day. Bye.
