# [OS Hub] Standup — 2026.01.08

Pranali Chhatbar 00:00:00
Call went a little over. How are you? How's your day? Doing well. Doing well. How's everyone else doing?
Stephan Protsack 00:00:13
Pretty good. I. Time flew by, I guess. Thursday already? I'm not. I. I still have not processed that, so I don't. I'm.
Stephan Protsack 00:00:26
I'm a little bit drowsy in terms of what day of the week it is, so I need.
Pranali Chhatbar 00:00:30
I thought it was Thursday on Tuesday. So. You're not the only one.
Anhelina Bohdanova 00:00:37
It's the first working week in this year, so I guess it's understandable for all of us. Okay.
Stephan Protsack 00:00:47
Yeah, go ahead.
Anhelina Bohdanova 00:00:49
Yeah, I just wanted to ask, on that issue that you were discussing with Roman, should we. Should we touch it on our Q and A or.
Stephan Protsack 00:01:00
Oh, we can take that offline. That's fine.
Anhelina Bohdanova 00:01:03
Okay. Okay. In that case, let's start our stand up. We're all here. We have a couple of things to discuss today, so just. Just to use our time. So who like to go first?
Vadim Kovalenko 00:01:20
I can start if you don't mind. I'm sharing the screen now and since my last report I have finished the ticket about caching facilities and production locations endpoint by applying rules to the AWS cloud front service on this forward perspective merge and ready for QA basically. And also there is a ticket and a pull request which we are waiting till the right time probably to for testing especially. So it's about upgrading Python and Django. So this is kind of core functionality of our application and I've spent some time to update it. So this pull request is partially approved. I resolved a couple of merge conflicts today, probably going to do similar work till we merged, but yeah, it's kind of ready to be delivered when the time has come.
Vadim Kovalenko 00:02:46
So that's all my updates for today. Thank you.
Vlad Shapik 00:02:53
Я можу бути наступним. Вчора я бачив обновлення, яке відбувалось під час моєї вакації. П'єр Тайлорс... Чуєш мене?
Vadim Kovalenko 00:03:08
Так.
Vlad Shapik 00:03:10
П'єр Тайлорс запросив, щоб я знищив AWS і Database Access для Дені, після того як він залишився з команди. Також я створював маленький полер запрос. Маленький полер запросу. Я поділюсь з екраном.
Vlad Shapik 00:03:35
Here it is. So it's just cleanup. I identified unused code last year before my vacation and the team reviewed it and it has been merged to the main branch.
Vlad Shapik 00:03:53
That's about this. It's about yesterday and today. I have started working on the ticket to add border between partner to separate partner fields from other fields and I have two questions related to these tasks tasks that I want to ask during the Q and A. So that's all.
Roman Stolar 00:04:27
Yeah, I can. Next let me share my screen. So today I finished my work with a task to update the platform to use another Tiger lion county data from 2021. There was some comments that I am addressed and it was successfully merged the moment I'm deploying the changes to the test environment to check it properly if it's applied. Also in the parallel I am start working on a bug that was mentioned. Just a moment, let me share. Yeah, that was mentioned by Francesca in the end of the last year regarding to the issue of some of our users related to claim submission error.
Roman Stolar 00:05:34
No blockers so far. I'm just investigating the 3 Slack street and just start investigating the code source. So yeah.
Anhelina Bohdanova 00:05:51
Okay, thank you all for your updates. We're. We're quick today. Done with stand up. Okay, let's move on to questions. Who'd like to start again? I. I suppose there are a couple of questions here.
Vlad Shapik 00:06:08
I can start, if you don't mind. Okay, I'll share the green again. And just a few questions. I reviewed the design, and I see that. The label or MIT living wage data differs a little bit as well as its value in this case as well as the text for the value. And I wanted to double check whether it should be the same because it doesn't mentioned in the it isn't mentioned in the task description and I see it differs a little bit. Maybe I can update it so that we have it in the same way as in the design, without the need to update through the Django admin panel by the data moderators, the person responsible for this data to be set up, and the same for the indicator.
Vlad Shapik 00:07:31
It has a different label country wage benchmarks and previously it was a little bit different I guess.
Pranali Chhatbar 00:07:41
Question that's easily changeable in the back end Jager panel no, yeah, it's changeable.
Vlad Shapik 00:07:53
It will be possible to change once it's released. It will be possible to update the labels through the DjangoDmin panel. And it can be updated by the engineer. An engineer. Or by the data moderator in the same way it was made for the estimated annual emissions.
Pranali Chhatbar 00:08:15
Yeah.
Vlad Shapik 00:08:19
Найважливіше, що у нас є два лінки для MIT Living Wage, і в нашому випадку це не може бути так, тому що цей текст, ViewLocalLivingWageFromLivingWageInstitute, це одна ціна. І я пропоную, що це ціна, і ми можемо додати атрибут SourceBy, який буде між ціною January30 і ViewLocalLivingWage. Ми можемо написати ViewLocalLivingWage, і тоді наступна ціна буде SourceBy, яка буде підприємна LivingWageInstitute, і LivingWageInstitute буде лінк.
Pranali Chhatbar 00:09:06
Добре, я маю питання. Якщо дивитися на лінію лінії ліфта, дайте мені підійти до власного продукційного локалізатору, ви бачите, що з'являється там про еміграцію. Чи це еміграція лікується до чогось і кліматика лікується до чогось іншого?
Vlad Shapik 00:09:27
Мені здається, так. Але я не знаю, насправді. Ні, я можу перевірити через продукцію.
Pranali Chhatbar 00:09:38
Так, і я перевірюю через фронтальну лінію на момент.
Pranali Chhatbar 00:09:45
Yeah. Okay, so let me share my screen. I have to click through. Okay, you're doing the same.
Vlad Shapik 00:09:52
Yeah, you can share. Because I need to log in. Or maybe I can open. I can open. Actually, I think I can open. Random production location, right?
Pranali Chhatbar 00:10:04
So no, I went through Climate Trace. Like I look for Climate Trace as a data partner. So I, I haven't done this. So I click through emissions models. It takes me to their GitHub and let's go back and if I click. On Climate Trace, we're looking at your.
Stephan Protsack 00:10:26
We're looking at a different. Yeah, now we can see that. Yeah, that's true. But there is a difference in that. That, that bottom field, like it's, it, it appears as that it's linking to the Living Wage and to another link from the same. So there is a two separate lines or two separate data points on the design. It says view, like view the.
Stephan Protsack 00:10:52
View the Living Wage data from Living Wage Institute. Do I understand correctly? That. Let me take a look. Let me show this. So here it is. It says let me draw if I can.
Stephan Protsack 00:11:06
So it says viewing wage data from Living Wage Institute. Is this linked to the actual Living Wage for this particular. Those are two separate data points in our database. So like this would have to go on another line. So this would have to go in the source by.
Pranali Chhatbar 00:11:27
Yeah. And so let me, let me share what the conversation was and why we landed on this yesterday. So the thought process was we wanted to make the, the page and what's shown here simple also to standardize what we're seeing here. We previously had a lot of text for local living wage. We didn't want to show all that text. The thought was for. The at least.
Pranali Chhatbar 00:11:59
Okay, so for, for all of them, when it says from the Data partner that that links out to actually our OS Hub contributor profile for them. So to have that information shown on the contributor profile, where it has that description, etc. So like taking local Living Wage, for example, when you click on Living Wage Institute, it takes the user to their contributor profile. Yes.
Stephan Protsack 00:12:40
So. So currently we can't really do that. We don't like it's not there. So this from Living Wave, this part, we don't support that. And I think what we can do is we can kind of make this part clickable. Easily probably. Vlad, I see you nodding like if we have a contributor ID in every extended field.
Vlad Shapik 00:13:09
It will be like that. I have it locally and shouldn't mind. I can show. To be like that. So for what? What you mean it will be like that? You live in wage.
Vlad Shapik 00:13:30
Like. Like for wage indicator. It will be you live in wage somewhere here instead of these three links. And then I don't know source by. No, no, I fully understand that.
Stephan Protsack 00:13:41
I'm not talking about source by. I'm talking mainly about like. We're not talking about links to external entities, we're talking about links to contributor pages within our application. So we know the contributor id. That probably means that. So that on that line, by admin. Org, we can kind of on the fly, generate that link that would link to the specificadmin.
Stephan Protsack 00:14:04
Org contributor. Right.
Vlad Shapik 00:14:09
We can, but. We can. Yeah.
Stephan Protsack 00:14:12
Is it. Well, is that, will that be complicated or. I, I don't think so. I think we, we should have, in scope of this part of the application. We should have the contributor id, right?
Vlad Shapik 00:14:22
I don't know. Maybe. Yes, we should, but I think it would, it will be possible. Yeah, probably.
Pranali Chhatbar 00:14:36
So that was actually the original Request to have admin.org link out to the contributor profile. I pushed back on that because I thought that that would add time and complexity to our timelines, and I thought that, you know, based time at trace work, that we had the ability to just. Note when we say from a data partner to, to link out to whatever link that we input on the back, back end panel. So I, I thought that was functionality we already had. Maybe I was wrong.
Stephan Protsack 00:15:24
But yeah. There are two different parts. I think I, I, I mean I, I, I, I. Think I now understand. What you're talking about. So here's my screen. Screen.
Stephan Protsack 00:15:33
Right. So there are a couple of different parts here. So if we go like, let's say if we talk about. Let me reshare for a second, give me a second, I'll stop sharing and I'll reshare again. So we can easily. So if currently we're linking out to the. So let me.
Stephan Protsack 00:15:50
I think we need. To align on one thing here. Let me share this one more time because I want to, really want to have a pencil here. So I think what Vladi was talking about is that like, let's, let's, let's take the climate Trace example. Let me switch to pen. So this is a single value. This is the value provided by the contributor.
Stephan Protsack 00:16:18
This part, Sorry, so. Eraser. I'm just the. Part that I've kind of outlined. Here. So this is the label that we provide provide through the partner fields. This is source by technically this is fully configurable so this we can change right however we want and this is automatically generated by the system.
Stephan Protsack 00:16:47
So those are three different layers here. If we talk about. So it like if we can technically just link to production like we could just update this link to the contributor page in the partner fields in the admin panel. We currently don't support doing this meaning if this should link to a contributor page to the. I understand now like this. Yeah so. So we can't really do this.
Stephan Protsack 00:17:21
What we can do potentially is that we can just either utilize this additional line underneath here to provide this information and that can it can say like from Living Wage Institute just down here and then it can link to the Living Wage Institute profile page. Alternatively what we can do is that we can make this thing that I've just highlighted kind of dynamically linked to the profile pages.
Pranali Chhatbar 00:17:54
My. I mean, that. That was the. The request. I pushed back on that just because I didn't want to add more work to our plates and risk our timelines. Well, I believe from the conversation it is also okay if we just have the. From Living Wage Institute on the next line, which would be attribution line.
Pranali Chhatbar 00:18:22
But that's also totally fine. And I think that might be the easiest approach.
Unknown speaker 00:18:28
Yes.
Pranali Chhatbar 00:18:30
So we, we could proceed with that and then Living Wage Institute on the contribution line. So the final line there, I just didn't want to add more work to our plates.
Stephan Protsack 00:18:45
Essentially makes sense. I think we can just go with that. If we can just move this from Living Wage to the next line and that would be fine.
Pranali Chhatbar 00:18:55
Yeah, we're doing the production location page redesign. We can change the link out for the contribution line, you know, in the next month or so.
Stephan Protsack 00:19:08
Okay, so that means that this then like this it stays the same. This is. I think this is basically changing labels on the back end. Right. For us just asking pretty much everyone on engineering team like this is changing labels. This is changing sourced by. This is changing the field name or changing the label.
Stephan Protsack 00:19:37
Okay lad, does that answer your question or do you have anything else. To clarify?
Vlad Shapik 00:19:44
Do we have the link or it will be just regular text for MIT Institute.
Pranali Chhatbar 00:19:53
MIT Institute. When you say do we have the link do you mean the contributor.
Vlad Shapik 00:19:59
Profile from.
Pranali Chhatbar 00:20:03
No, I. I think we do, yes and I'm trying to make the updates in the I think we do.
Vlad Shapik 00:20:11
So that Right.
Pranali Chhatbar 00:20:15
Yeah so that should be our contributor profile. Right. So that's it's linking internally. So if you go to the left I made the change.
Stephan Protsack 00:20:23
So this one, this the this link will be then like this this can be configured later on. This should be the link to contributor profile. I don't think that I don't know whether it exists on other environments but we would what we do we would just take the link to the production living wage and then we would just add it in the source by.
Vlad Shapik 00:20:45
So that's okay.
Stephan Protsack 00:20:47
Yeah, yeah, yeah, exactly. Or if contributor, if that contributor already exists, we can kind of, on our dev environment as well, just link to that as well.
Pranali Chhatbar 00:21:02
I think the contributors might exist, but if not, I think it would need to exist for the contributions to be made. Right?
Stephan Protsack 00:21:13
Oh, well, we don't do any contributions here. I mean, we would have to create this one for them to display on, on the profile page, but yes, okay.
Pranali Chhatbar 00:21:24
Okay. So, yeah, what you're seeing on the left, what you're seeing there. Yeah, I think that's possible with functionality we have, and it's totally fine. Okay.
Vlad Shapik 00:21:35
And the last question about Learn More Link. Do we have what to paste for this hyperlink where we have new pilot data integrations? Learn More. No.
Pranali Chhatbar 00:21:51
I don't know. I have to ask Hannah. I don't believe they've made that link yet. Is it possible to just have a placeholder link at the moment and change that later this month?
Vlad Shapik 00:22:03
It will be possible to change, but it would require release. For the. Learn more.
Stephan Protsack 00:22:10
Okay, we can, we can, we can. Like if I'm. I expect this would be an infosight link. So if they couldn't just say like.
Vlad Shapik 00:22:20
The name of this.
Stephan Protsack 00:22:21
Yeah, the. The basically the URL. And then if it's 404 it doesn't really matter whatever it links to. Like if that's going to be the page that. I mean we could potentially make this configurable, but that's again. Additional work.
Pranali Chhatbar 00:22:34
Yeah, no, let's go the easiest route and I think the URL, she might already have it, but yeah, I can ask you about it.
Vlad Shapik 00:22:43
Yeah, maybe they can like predict it or already or something like that.
Pranali Chhatbar 00:22:49
Yep, yep, that makes sense.
Vlad Shapik 00:22:51
Okay, so it's not a blocker, but I think it would be necessary to have next week, maybe on Tuesday or Monday once this task will be ready for review.
Stephan Protsack 00:23:07
I have additional quick question suggestion. It's not really common to do this link out in the header. Is this just for the information or we want users to click and kind of read and learn.
Pranali Chhatbar 00:23:22
I think it's because at least for this initial go for insights, there's not going to be much information in regards to what this is, who these people are. It's a way to inform users coming to the production location page who these data partners are, why this is here, where this information is coming from. I don't think this will be here when we do the production location page redesign. So this is only, you know, for the interim few months for our users clarity.
Stephan Protsack 00:24:00
Again, this is, I don't think it matters too much. I'm mainly thinking like, does it have to be here in header? Maybe we can have like this, like this kind of a small link here or something like that. But again, it's just not common to make header kind of part of the header link. We can do it. I'm pretty sure models of the browsers will kind of. Work with that.
Stephan Protsack 00:24:25
I don't think there should be issues, but it's kind of. Yeah, that's.
Pranali Chhatbar 00:24:29
Why do you think that maybe it's better to have it like as a sub header directly?
Stephan Protsack 00:24:35
Yeah, maybe like just in here we, we have this like we have those kind of small links, this kind of link so we can just kind of have learn more here underneath. Like if we don't, if we want kind of, I mean if we could, if we really want user to click, we can turn this into a cta. But I think your point is it's not necessarily that we just want to give users the ability to find more information if they want to.
Pranali Chhatbar 00:25:05
So if you go sorry, I did it on the other side. If you go to the other side for yeah, you're talking like learn more.
Stephan Protsack 00:25:13
Yeah, something like this and it would be like a link. So it would be obviously a link.
Pranali Chhatbar 00:25:20
Yeah. Okay. Yeah, I understand what you're saying in regards to that being off. It is. It is a strange behavior, but. Okay, I'll get the link for you. And so I'll.
Pranali Chhatbar 00:25:34
I'll get the link by Monday. And I think later today I should come back and be able to tell you whether the Learn More should be like a subheader, the purple link out or in the actual header.
Stephan Protsack 00:25:49
Yeah, it makes it. It doesn't make a lot of difference for us. That's. It's not hard to move this thing around, but. Yeah.
Vadim Kovalenko 00:25:57
Okay, thanks. Thank you.
Stephan Protsack 00:26:00
Understood.
Pranali Chhatbar 00:26:05
I do have some, like a. Not a question, but essentially I wanted to broach the topic of a go, no go for the soft launch. I don't know if now is a good time.
Stephan Protsack 00:26:17
Yeah, I think, yeah, we can, we can discuss.
Pranali Chhatbar 00:26:24
Okay, so for Climate Trace, which is already up, so that's obviously a go country wage. So that's wage indicator and living wage data for the MIT Living Wage Institute. So the question is whether it will be on our platform and ready to go. Go, no go. What we're thinking, is it the 17th, is it the 24th? The comms team, they're planning on sending communications out and they're partnering with these organizations, wage indicator, MIT Living Wage Institute, to send comms the week of January 26th. They haven't aligned on the exact date that week, but it is the Monday after.
Stephan Protsack 00:27:24
I. I think so. Two things. Like, if we don't. We don't anticipate any other changes, like the. The work that Vlad is doing. This is the last thing we need to do so that we can push this out.
Pranali Chhatbar 00:27:42
Correct the border. Yes.
Stephan Protsack 00:27:45
Okay. Vlad, do I understand correctly that you like. Again, you can correct me if I'm wrong, but can we expect this work to be, like, in review early next week, or do you think it will take more early? Let's say Tuesday or Monday next week?
Vlad Shapik 00:28:07
I think it will be in review on Monday Union or Tuesday morning.
Stephan Protsack 00:28:15
Okay. And then. Okay, So, I mean. Technically the question is should can we kind of review put that in and prep to release all of this on the 17th or should we I I mean like if this is those are the changes the only changes we need to release I think like 24 is more or less a safe bet I don't think that's that's going to be a problem for the 17s I think the main risk here that I see that only had mentioned that Anna will not there will be no QA on the clock so in terms of scope that's probably a possibility but in terms of kind of there are additional risks so yeah.
Pranali Chhatbar 00:29:11
Yeah that was my thought as well My question in terms of like so all this other stuff has it been QA'd such as such as I guess the other tickets in the current Sprint and then for the border creation when would that be QA'd? Is that something.
Stephan Protsack 00:29:35
Yeah next I think yeah Helena you wanted to.
Anhelina Bohdanova 00:29:41
Yeah. Anna is back on Monday, but she will be out of office on Tuesday and Wednesday. So do you hear me? I hope you hear me. Okay. Yeah. So if we start our release preparation on Tuesday, Anna is off on Tuesday and Wednesday.
Anhelina Bohdanova 00:29:57
So regression testing as like, Anna will not be here to start working on it on Tuesday. So it could be difficult for engineers as well if they need to be involved in that.
Stephan Protsack 00:30:15
Again. We would like, if we are leaving on the 17th, we would start the preparation ideally Tuesday. Let's say we merge the changes from Web, we create them and like Tuesday, Wednesday, we start the preparation and then we start the regression. Yeah. So that would be the idea.
Pranali Chhatbar 00:30:38
Are we? So I guess I'm not clear. Are we targeting the 17th or are we targeting the 24th?
Stephan Protsack 00:30:48
I think the question here is we could potentially release on 17th. We would probably advise move towards to 30, 24th just because of the QA capacity, but we could potentially squeeze this. In for the 17th. I think we would have the changes. Ready by the 17th at least. Looking at the board and looking at the kind of the remaining work that we still have need. To do, we.
Stephan Protsack 00:31:16
Most likely have the work done by mid next week.
Pranali Chhatbar 00:31:23
I have a thought. What are so essentially the only benefit to launch releasing on the 17th is to get it into production to see if there are any bugs in production, any big big things that we need to fix any critical bugs. And being able to do that the fought the week after that. That is the only benefit. The risk of pushing on the 24th and then agreeing to a comms a couple days later is if there are critical bugs we don't have time to fix and address. So then my thought if that is the only purpose is to catch critical bugs, my thought is, is it do we could we push to like staging and identify any bugs there or. I I don't know.
Pranali Chhatbar 00:32:26
I'm trying to think of other ways to to do that.
Stephan Protsack 00:32:32
Yeah, I'll yeah, I'll get I'll give to what what said and I will respond. Doctor.
Vlad Shapik 00:32:38
What if we release that without border ticket, as we agreed before the new year. Yeah, we. Skip it for this release.
Pranali Chhatbar 00:32:50
I think I. I was thinking that as well. I could also go back and share that. So when we say skip the border ticket, would we. So if I'm looking at the mock up, is it just the borderline that we would skip? Skip or the borderline. And the header.
Vlad Shapik 00:33:11
Yeah, and the header.
Pranali Chhatbar 00:33:12
So skip both and basically show how it's shown. Like how climate trace data is shown.
Stephan Protsack 00:33:20
Yeah. I have additional suggestion. We don't expect a lot of downtime for this release, right? So it's like we don't. We're not going to re index the, the open search and stuff like that. So maybe we can just not release on Saturday, but at least during the kind of early hours Europe on any other day of the week. And that's technically the reasons why we are releasing on Saturday is mostly because if, if there is downtime, if there's risk for downtime and stuff, we're kind of playing it safe, especially in cases where we need to change.
Stephan Protsack 00:34:01
Change the search behavior on the platform. So we could potentially kind of schedule out the release on a different day and maybe like, I don't know, maybe midweek of the like 19th or something like that, or beginning of the week of the 19th. And then we would have things in production as well as we would have the time to change to test.
Vadim Kovalenko 00:34:26
Stefan, we can't do this because we need to synchronize Kafka cluster that can look, we can do Kafka synchronization on another day.
Stephan Protsack 00:34:35
This doesn't have to go both together. We can do that early hours, another day maybe like so we have two weeks next week we can do Kafka synchronization and the week of 19th we can do the release to production so we don't have to actually to chain both of those together. So technically, we could release, like, Instead of doing 21st, we can kind of target that week from 19 to 23rd. Raised that in the morning. There will be some downtime related to release. I don't remember quite remember the numbers, but it should be small. And yeah, it's.
Stephan Protsack 00:35:19
It's also risky in terms of, like, on Saturday, we have more leeway in terms of if things go wrong, but.
Pranali Chhatbar 00:35:26
I feel like that might be, like, a limited risk, though.
Stephan Protsack 00:35:31
Like a lower risk, Lower risk in. Terms of we are all going to be working, and then if something happens, we will have more folks that are ready to jump in and kind of debug. So there are, there are, there are things you can consider, of course.
Pranali Chhatbar 00:35:48
So if we were to not have the border and not have the header shown, um, would we be able to essentially begin qa? I'm not sure. Is Anna available prior to next week? And would we start that and then Release on the 17th? Is that the. Is that path accurate?
Stephan Protsack 00:36:14
I think so. So that would be, I think the. All the changes that. Do you understand? Correct. So, yes, all the changes. Yeah.
Stephan Protsack 00:36:23
Everything is ready to start testing. So we can work around any schedules potentially.
Vlad Shapik 00:36:28
But in case we follow this way, we can, we can't wait for Anna for sure. We need to start testing, I think to do the code freeze on Friday, initiate it and start testing the tickets that are in ready for QA on Friday because. And it's. It should be started by engineers and then, yeah, we will, we can proceed on Monday. So that it's ready by. I mean the earliest preparation is finished by on Wednesday and we are ready for release on Saturday 17th of January.
Pranali Chhatbar 00:37:20
So Understood. On path A, don't have the border. We can perform the testing code freeze. Perform the testing Release on the 17th if we want to have the border. Then the route, although it has some risk, the route would be to do the work and then have testing potentially bleed into the week of the 19th or.
Vlad Shapik 00:37:52
Sorry, yeah, bleed into around 22nd of January I think. Oh, sorry, 22nd, 21st of January it will be Wednesday and I think we can do the release during this day or Saturday 24th.
Pranali Chhatbar 00:38:11
Yeah. So still very short. But that route we would release during the week, potentially the 21st. Potentially it may go to the 24th. That option to me sounds like it still has some risk in that if there's some bugs it would be hard to like we would catch the critical bugs but it would be a scramble to fix them in those upcoming days. So I'm. Going to try to push for option A.
Pranali Chhatbar 00:38:51
If you guys are, if that, if those two options make sense. Are there any risks that I'm missing or any pieces that I'm missing? No. Okay.
Vlad Shapik 00:39:03
The only thing that we will, like, continue working on on this border and header, and we will release it not on 17th, but several days after this communication that will be sent for all the users. I believe it will be just the next release. When it will be until the 31st. Or what will be the date? Right. 7Th of February, based on the schedule. 7th of February.
Vlad Shapik 00:39:40
And that's.
Pranali Chhatbar 00:39:42
Yeah, that's a great point, actually. So we could skip the border for this release, get everything up and released for the 17th, make sure there are any bugs in production so that we have that safety net of that week to address any bugs, and then we would get the border in the following release. Yeah, honestly, I think that's the. The best approach. So, yeah, let's. I have that meeting in the next hour. I'm gonna recommend that path.
Pranali Chhatbar 00:40:20
If everyone's on the same page, I think that leads to the less, less stress, less tension. I think it's a good approach. So with that, I think when we talk about go, no go for these three partners, it sounds like we are leaning towards go for the week of the 26. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yes.
Anhelina Bohdanova 00:40:52
I also wanted yeah. To ask. So Anna is out of office on Tuesday and Wednesday. This is our time for start preparing for regression. Am I right in presuming that engineers will be involved in regression? Or we can start like later on.
Stephan Protsack 00:41:09
We will not start later. I mean, we'll do the regression. Engineers will do the regression.
Anhelina Bohdanova 00:41:15
Okay. Okay. Just wanted to clarify. Okay.
Stephan Protsack 00:41:20
I mean like if. If we decide to go on 17th, I think we'll do. We can probably start the kind of code freeze tomorrow and start springing up the pre production environment, so. By Monday, everything will be ready to start the regression testing.
Unknown speaker 00:41:40
Yeah.
Anhelina Bohdanova 00:41:41
Okay. Anna's back on Monday, so maybe she will jump in.
Vlad Shapik 00:41:47
Yeah, at least part of it.
Pranali Chhatbar 00:41:49
Okay. I appreciate the back and forth on us. You know, taking the time to go through the different options. It greatly helps with the communications within the OS hub team, so, thanks.
Vadim Kovalenko 00:42:05
And what about the 8 of synchronization to reform state production staging? Assuming we'll.
Stephan Protsack 00:42:13
Do that on the like we. We can do that. We can probably. We'll probably do that somewhere during the next week. I would not like us to do that when we do the production release because it's a little bit risky. So if we can do that synchronization I think priority for your context. The we're managing our infrastructure through infrastructure as code and then AWS made some changes to the infrastructure and now there is a mismatch between.
Stephan Protsack 00:42:37
Between what we specified and what is actually running on aws. So we need to adjust that and we need to do some changes. So yeah.
Pranali Chhatbar 00:42:48
Should we put. Is it needed to. I don't know if there's already a ticket. It's already in this branch.
Stephan Protsack 00:42:53
No, we're going to add the ticket. But it's basically we know what to do. We just. We ticket was created the into investigation. Everything else was created and kind of finished during the last sprint. It's just we have an instruction of things we need to do in our environment to get them done. So we would probably schedule something next week early like nighttime during us when we.
Stephan Protsack 00:43:17
When we. For our morning to kind of do that operation. So we don't have any interrupts for the releases.
Pranali Chhatbar 00:43:25
Okay. Appreciate it.
Anhelina Bohdanova 00:43:36
Okay, so anything else to discuss right now? That covers it from my end. Okay, good. Then we're, like, in our poker planning, and I see that we have one ticket in this sprint and one in the next one to estimate. I'm not sure we need to spend time on this right now, but let's align on that quickly. So my question would be, should we estimate this together, or. Vlad, you can just put your estimates since you're working on this task with UI border, I can estimate it separately.
Vlad Shapik 00:44:24
Of offline.
Stephan Protsack 00:44:26
Okay. Exactly.
Vlad Shapik 00:44:28
And I just need to update the description to mention that we need to. What? We need to update the. No, we don't need. We can reconfigure it through the. Through the Django admin panel. So yeah, everything is correct.
Vlad Shapik 00:44:46
Just to add some estimate.
Anhelina Bohdanova 00:44:51
Okay. And I was thinking to estimate this one but perhaps we can do that during our sprint planning.
Stephan Protsack 00:44:59
I think one thing Pranali. This is I think the important question to go through. Roman wrapped up the Tiger line work and I kind of. We temporarily till this meeting. We decided to take a look into this. I thought we could bring this one in for Roman to take a look. Maybe he'll be able to solve it.
Stephan Protsack 00:45:24
The one that is the. The JavaScript issue during the claim submission. That's the one that Francesca had submitted. So yeah, I think we can pull this into the Sprint. The other one we have like the API updates. I don't think that's like I. We're not critical.
Stephan Protsack 00:45:45
Sounds good. Roman's looking into it. I think he can do that on his own. That would be a more accurate estimate because he's going to deep dive on that a little bit.
Pranali Chhatbar 00:46:08
A question. I think that is a good approach. I I wonder would that hold up the release for Sprint 76? Like would we wait should the the work require longer than whenever we want the code freeze to to meet the 17 we're.
Stephan Protsack 00:46:32
Not going to wait. We're not putting that as a dependency for this release. Mainly because. It'S we. Don'T really know what's the issue and. It probably will require us to play around with things and it's probably. It would be too risky to put that into this release in my opinion.
Stephan Protsack 00:46:49
So I think this would be independent. It's not holding up the release in any way.
Pranali Chhatbar 00:46:54
Okay, understood.
Stephan Protsack 00:46:55
I think in terms. Of like all of the work that will be in this release and in the called freeze if we decide to move on with the plan, A is already in the main branch. There might be some changes or fixes, but that's going to be the stable versions as we're going to push out. So we don't expect waiting for any other tickets to be merged in if we go that route.
Pranali Chhatbar 00:47:19
Okay, that makes sense.
Anhelina Bohdanova 00:47:23
Okay. So any other tickets to estimate Pranal maybe from your site?
Pranali Chhatbar 00:47:28
Because I don't think we have something I had but honestly with all the soft launch stuff I forgot so can't be that important at the moment.
Anhelina Bohdanova 00:47:41
Okay. Yep. Fatim.
Vadim Kovalenko 00:47:44
Yeah, I have a question. It looks like I'm free now so I can pick up a new ticket.
Stephan Protsack 00:47:50
There is a. There is one ticket. The 2329. It's in the backlog. It's not a priority per se. So if there are other things you can do that's going to help out the release, testing and stuff like that, please prioritize that. But yeah, if you idle at some point, you can start looking into that.
Anhelina Bohdanova 00:48:18
What about testing 2330?
Stephan Protsack 00:48:23
That's exactly what I'm saying. Like if. If you. If you have time and capacity to help out with testing, help out with code reviews and stuff like that. But okay, if you're idle or waiting or something, you can start looking into that.
Anhelina Bohdanova 00:48:40
Okay. So I guess we can finish on this. We discussed a lot today, so. Yeah. Thank you all.
Stephan Protsack 00:48:49
Thank you all. Have a great day. Thank you.
Anhelina Bohdanova 00:48:52
Likewise. See you. See you.
