# [OS Hub] Backlog Refinement — 2026.01.07

Anhelina Bohdanova 00:00:00
But.
Vlad Shapik 00:00:08
Guess what? I wanted to ask about that bug with that Francesca reported. Should we prioritize it? I mean, to include in this printer? It's not a, it's not something that we should look at this print, I mean work, not just look.
Pranali Chhatbar 00:00:31
Yeah, no, I, I definitely understand the need and it is something that is of priority. But I think we have competing priorities at the moment, especially with the insights launch for MIT and Living MIT and Wage indicator. Those, they are the highest priority. So I think this Sprint, we're focusing on being able to meet the timelines for that. So I'm thinking of slotting this in for an upcoming Sprint and I'm going to reach out to Francesca and see her thoughts too.
Vlad Shapik 00:01:08
Thank you. Pranali understood.
Pranali Chhatbar 00:01:12
It would be great maybe once we go through these two other tickets to maybe just estimate this one. So it's helpful for us when we're planning.
Stephan Protsack 00:01:25
Makes total sense. Okay, so this one is about. Okay, let me. I'll put it on the screen and I'll just read through it and come back to it in a minute.
Pranali Chhatbar 00:02:47
For this one I wanted to add. So the solution of how this should be displayed, where it should be displayed, it's not in the ticket. I wanted that to be something that we chat through to see and understand what's the best way to go about this. Initial thoughts is it would be under account settings. But yeah, just that's something we could chat through.
Stephan Protsack 00:03:11
So the flow that we are talking about basically is not related to claims, it's related to regular contributions. And then I'm just trying to understand the general idea behind this. So what do we mean by re uploading the contribution? Do we mean the list of plots at this point or. Yes, we're talking specifically about the list of plots.
Pranali Chhatbar 00:03:37
So at this moment in time, users have to, if they want to edit a field or edit a single record in their list, they have to re upload the whole list.
Stephan Protsack 00:03:50
So for us, that's basically from engineering point of view, editing the list items, right? I mean, in the database. The, the. When we take, when we talk about editing something, that. That means editing facility, list, item, or am I correct? So let's go here. So we are on our page here and we upload multiple locations and then I'll just.
Stephan Protsack 00:04:32
I know, I'll just do a random list, right. So if I submit this list. Yeah. Does everyone has a hand list that I can upload to kind of test this out? Can someone pull it up?
Vadim Kovalenko 00:04:51
Let me check. Yes, I also have. But if you have.
Vlad Shapik 00:04:59
If you have what you please share because I need to check. So what's the environment?
Vadim Kovalenko 00:05:03
Actually you're looking.
Vlad Shapik 00:05:05
I'm on a dev.
Vadim Kovalenko 00:05:06
I'm on a dev environment. So what's the best way to send this list to you or to.
Stephan Protsack 00:05:12
Yes send this to me or this. You can like the. The specifically like I'm talking about xls like a CSV file or something. You can send it to. Me in Slack.
Vadim Kovalenko 00:05:22
Yeah, I'm good right now. Give me one minute please.
Vlad Shapik 00:05:28
I have list but yeah error prone. So just for testing it's good idea.
Stephan Protsack 00:05:42
Yeah.
Vadim Kovalenko 00:05:42
I send you minified list.
Stephan Protsack 00:05:45
Awesome. Thank you very much. That's exactly what I needed. Okay, so FCC Factory. Okay, got it. So it is a now do this and I'll click submit. So after it's it gets parsed, we have like it will be parsed on dev.
Stephan Protsack 00:06:05
Right? There is. We are running the those jobs.
Vlad Shapik 00:06:07
Yes. Maybe a minute or so after I parse this list, I'll see each list item from this list in my menu, right?
Vadim Kovalenko 00:06:26
Yes. You'll see this right here. So this pop up disappear and you'll be able to see all list items here as parts or maybe some of them with errors. That's also possible.
Vlad Shapik 00:06:41
And only name, address and country will be visible. Even though you can upload more columns for so we don't location.
Stephan Protsack 00:06:52
So basically the work that we're discussing would be allowing to edit those. Do I understand correctly? So those will go into facility list items. So each and every item from this list will go into facility list item table, right?
Vadim Kovalenko 00:07:06
Yes.
Stephan Protsack 00:07:12
Okay, so that would mean that for the ticket we're discussing, I'm just going to wait for a ticket we're discussing would be the ability to edit that facility list item, Like from a technical perspective. I mean, so we'd go into this specific list item and when we would kind of create an endpoint that will allow us to edit this, right? Yes.
Vadim Kovalenko 00:07:39
Well, I don't hear pronate, but I have a question. Why don't we just use a regular API request to edit or we need to wait till the list be.
Stephan Protsack 00:07:52
I think this is, this is more. Of a workflow problem meaning like it when our team or someone else uploads a, a list into the platform, if they want to change one little thing, they need to re upload the entire list. So that's, I think that's the core of the problem. If you're talking, we can't really hear you. Unfortunately.
Vadim Kovalenko 00:08:28
So the problem is that should have an ability to edit item till it not receive a match and geocode it just parsed on that stage because for instance, if it will be a matched item, so this event is irrevertible. You have to manually create a separate API call for that facility to. Patch it.
Stephan Protsack 00:09:20
One second, please. So let's. Let's go a step back. I uploaded the list. Let's say there were 15 facility list items in that list. I need to update a single list item because I messed up the address, for example, right? Let's say some items had matches, some items had no matches.
Stephan Protsack 00:09:44
And then, okay, at some point, I see this, before the list gets approved, I see this, and I say, well, I need to change this, this, and this. What is my current workflow? My current workflow would be take the same list and re upload it. Right?
Vlad Shapik 00:10:01
The only thing that it will be matched once it's approved.
Stephan Protsack 00:10:07
Okay, so we're talking about, we're, we're talking about this slice of work. So before we approve the list, if we need to change a specific thing interior, pull out the entire list and we want, So we need to reapplaud the entire list. And then that would basically mean now we don't. So matching happens after we approve. So when we talk about the ability to edit contributions, that would mean in here, before we approve the list to edit a specific item or how do we see this? Like, what's the core issue in the workflow?
Pranali Chhatbar 00:10:55
Are you guys able to hear me?
Stephan Protsack 00:10:56
Yep.
Pranali Chhatbar 00:10:59
So essentially, well, what we're experiencing is a workflow issue. Stakeholders, after they've uploaded a list, whether it's immediately or a week later or a month later, they're finding that, oh, they need to make an edit for whatever reason it is. And if the record, if the production location is a part of a list, they need to re upload the whole list to make that edit. So the ask what, what they're looking to do is to be able to edit. A single record without re uploading the list. I don't know if that addresses the question.
Stephan Protsack 00:11:44
Yes, you have your hand up.
Vlad Shapik 00:11:48
Yeah. So means that it doesn't matter whether it's before parsing or after it. It should be possible whenever they need it. Once. Once the list is uploaded. Okay. And what I see is that we need someone to approve this update.
Vlad Shapik 00:12:09
I mean, they can't just edit it. And we will really publish this information. We need to pass it through some moderation. So maybe I don't have an idea on how to do that, but it looks like. So walk me through this a little bit.
Stephan Protsack 00:12:29
So in here we have those list items. This list was not approved. They just uploaded this test list. If I go into my account and my lists, we have this item, right? So this was the list that I uploaded. Assuming I go in right now, what are for from a technical perspective, if I edit something here, what are the consequences? All we need to do is change some records in the database, right?
Vadim Kovalenko 00:12:56
Yes.
Stephan Protsack 00:12:57
So there are no consequences in terms of like, we can add an edit button here and then just, oops, I think I removed something. We can just add an edit button here and then just change this and then update the database and everything's fine, Right?
Vadim Kovalenko 00:13:15
Yeah, but what about Country Cleaner? So shall we trigger it for that specific item that will be edited kind of one more time to verify name, address and country presence. So.
Stephan Protsack 00:13:33
Well, do we, do we do that like. Okay, now we need to go one step back. I upload the list. When we go through parsing, we run it through Country Cleaner. Each and every. Each and every. Each of those records go through the Country Cleaner, right?
Vlad Shapik 00:13:51
Yes. Let's say combination of Country Cleaner and serial custom serializers.
Stephan Protsack 00:13:57
Okay. And then geocoding happens after or during, after approval. Okay, so if I update, like if I update this item, of course that means that needs to go through the contract cleaner, but we can do a different thing. Like in terms of user interface, we can just give users the ability to edit. Like let's say edit those things. Like, let's say we have edit button here. Okay.
Stephan Protsack 00:14:22
So in here there is a button called edit and we can edit like this record this record this record this record and then click approve. And that would retrigger the same job. Is that possible? Or like because. Or now. Or we would have to do the updates to the job because now we need to work with the data in the database versus the data in the in the list. Or how does I don't have the knowledge of that part of the system.
Stephan Protsack 00:14:50
So when we parse the list, we save it in the database, right? So if you retrieve your the same job it goes parses the same CSV so 6 file or how does that happen?
Vadim Kovalenko 00:15:11
Does someone remember? Let me remember. So as far as I know we trigger a new job in aws Bad job. That's true. And this job expects entire CSV file so we need somehow to run it on a one or couple of elements without touching existing data and modifying existing records in the database But.
Vlad Shapik 00:15:46
But we can or no? Yeah, I think we need job for that because it's not one record. Yep.
Stephan Protsack 00:16:00
So user applauds the file job gets triggered what the job does the job do job is actually doing what are the things that he's doing?
Vadim Kovalenko 00:16:12
There are multiple jobs actually the first one sparse job so the initial.
Stephan Protsack 00:16:18
So there are different jobs. So first job there is a parsing job.
Vadim Kovalenko 00:16:23
Yes. And then once approved we geocode data and then match them with.
Stephan Protsack 00:16:35
It's a single job, right?
Vadim Kovalenko 00:16:37
Yes.
Stephan Protsack 00:16:39
So the parsing job and that parsing job runs Country Cleaner, right? Yes so admin approves. So if we go here and we do this. So admin approves another action, and that action triggers geocoding and geocoding, and then mention is triggered separately. And then the separate job is for matching, right?
Vlad Shapik 00:17:18
Okay. Yeah. After geocoding.
Stephan Protsack 00:17:20
Okay, so then after that matching job. Right. So let me do this. This. Okay, so let's say like we during the parsing job, if I go back here, this is the result of the parsing job, right? And if we. If we were to edit any of this, we would edit, like the record in the database, right?
Vlad Shapik 00:18:01
Yes, but. The problem is if we. Now it's one, it should be one record or list item. Before matching and geocoding.
Stephan Protsack 00:18:15
What do you mean? Can you elaborate please?
Vlad Shapik 00:18:17
I mean that once we mesh something, we create more records.
Stephan Protsack 00:18:23
Yeah, okay, yeah, understood. But so meaning like if we have in. In this view, if we are to edit like something in the database and then just trigger this job, it would not. It does. It would not really matter because it would just recreate the same records in the database. Right. So that means we need a separate job that would allow us to kind of.
Stephan Protsack 00:18:51
Or do we need a separate job? We do. We do need a separate job because we would need to reparse things in the. In the. So we would have to not reports, but we would have to separate the parsing create creation of the list items and the Country Cleaner run. Right?
Vadim Kovalenko 00:19:14
Yeah. And this separate job should be aware of the IDE of the record that has been edited by user to decide whether to patch. It doesn't matter.
Stephan Protsack 00:19:29
It doesn't have to be. So we can just kind of say to the job, this is the list ID go through each and every record in this list and re evaluate regardless of whether 1 was changed or 10 was changed from user interface. What we could do is that we could have an edit button here, for example. You would change everything you want to do and then you click like submit button somewhere over here and it would kind of include this list to go through the Country Cleaner run one more time. Right.
Vadim Kovalenko 00:19:56
Yeah, but I try to think about this from the backend perspective. So we already have an idea of that facility list item here. So what we're going to do that edit job. So it will edit multiple Items of existing IDs, or it will create a new one and insert them into these.
Stephan Protsack 00:20:20
There is no need to create any id. So there are two separate jobs. One thing I see your question for now answered in the. In the. There's two separate processes here. One is that you need to take the list and put it in the database. And the second part of this job, you need to go to every list or item and apply Country Cleaner to it.
Stephan Protsack 00:20:41
So that means that like you upload the list into the database, that's that process again. User is working with the database. He's editing the specific list items and then you rerun the same job to go through each and every item in the list and kind of find contract cleaner errors. So it doesn't like. It doesn't really matter. The problem is, from what I see, is that after we approve the list, we can't really do this. Or we can, but that would be a different solution.
Stephan Protsack 00:21:17
Do I understand you correctly? So what would happen if I. Okay, so in the scenario. Let's go back. In the scenario where I want to like currently what would happen? You need to reappload the list. What happens with the old list when I reappload the new list?
Stephan Protsack 00:21:38
On top of it. Yeah, go ahead Vadim.
Vadim Kovalenko 00:21:44
I want to talk about previous. Yeah, go ahead. So. So I. I just wanted to say that once we do other steps like geocoding and matching and some items can trigger creation of a new facility in the system so this will be revertible and the new list will eventually will try to go the same way and probably will try to match that facility. It only depends of the hub no.
Stephan Protsack 00:22:24
Yeah I understand you that that's what I'm trying to get to like let's say I think we're drawing in this a little bit but I. I know we'll have to move on but I'll finish this off and we can discuss this probably more in depth somewhere like from a technical perspective.
Vadim Kovalenko 00:22:44
But basically yeah there is a functionality in our system that. Replaces the lists here. So you can add a brand new list or add a new list in favor of some another. And actually I don't remember at the moment what's happening with the previous list.
Stephan Protsack 00:23:11
So what I'm trying to say probably in terms of kind of solutioning to the problem is that if I approve this list right now, I don't have those controls anymore. Right. So this goes away.
Vlad Shapik 00:23:25
No, you can remove. Still, still you can remove it and.
Stephan Protsack 00:23:29
What would it matter?
Vlad Shapik 00:23:34
It should. This contribution should disappear.
Stephan Protsack 00:23:39
Okay. Okay. So I think the main challenge here is that, like, so probably, I don't know if you. If your mic is back to normal, but basically, do I understand things correctly that, like, what we're trying to do is give users the ability to edit this?
Pranali Chhatbar 00:24:02
Yes, exactly. And it looks like the ability to edit it at any point in time. So now, later.
Stephan Protsack 00:24:15
Okay, understood. So, I mean, the. I mean, I would. Yeah. We'll have to think about this a little bit. I'm not entirely sure. It seems a little bit complicated, but I think, like, from my perspective, the solution that comes to mind that needs to be explored is that we have some kind of a button here that says edit.
Stephan Protsack 00:24:37
That turns. This gives you the ability to sweep those cells into inputs. Then after you click Edit, you do the thing you need to do and you click some other, like, I don't know, some different button that is somewhere in here in the overarching. So if you edit it, like 5, 10 things on the list, you click reprocess the list or something like that, and that triggers everything that needs to be triggered on the back end. The only thing that I see here is that. As a problem is that it can generate a lot of kind of compute. Because if you go in and from what I see so far, we'd have to reprocess the entire list every time changes happen to this list.
Stephan Protsack 00:25:20
And then, yeah, we'll have to think about this a little bit. But. Yeah, I think I got the idea. Yes, Pranav.
Pranali Chhatbar 00:25:33
So I'm not familiar with lists at all, but as we're thinking, I wonder if there's maybe some elements of the SSE process that we could pull in to support this in terms of the solution. But it's just a thought I had.
Stephan Protsack 00:25:54
And this request comes from our data team or does it come from external stakeholders?
Pranali Chhatbar 00:26:02
External stakeholders.
Stephan Protsack 00:26:03
External stakeholders.
Pranali Chhatbar 00:26:07
Okay, Like I said, I have a call with Hannah right after this. I'll walk through the workflow with her again, just so I'm sure that I properly understand the different elements of this too. Maybe that might help as well.
Vlad Shapik 00:26:24
Yeah, yeah. Lad, you have. You have a hand. Yeah. From top of my head, it looks like this ticket will be around not less than 20 story points because we don't know how to moderate these edits because current moderation. Where can't support it and we don't. We can't just rerun parsing for this list because default parsing job will create the same records and we will duplicate, duplicate, duplicate all this list items so we can reuse something, but we can't reuse all the jobs that are working with the list and which can just reuse some pieces of the code, but reimplement it from scratch, let's say.
Pranali Chhatbar 00:27:23
So that completely makes sense. And that's kind of what I'm looking to get from here is how many story points do we anticipate this work to be? I have a question, just a thought. Based off of, you know, prior experiences that we've had for some of these tickets that have these large story points, when we say 20 or some large number of story points, is it reasonable for us to anticipate it to be done within one sprint? Let's say we only focus on that in the spring, or is it more reasonable that we think about splitting it up across sprints?
Stephan Protsack 00:28:04
So usually the kind of per engineer story points that we can get done within the sprint are 13 story points is our maximum. And depending, let's say we have. The main problem here is that from what I see, it will require, like, it's not the amount of work, basically, but amount of work plus the integration of those moving pieces, making sure they work well together. So, yeah, this doesn't seem like something. I mean, we could do it differently. If we go, if we take time before we get this into work to plan this out meticulously, then we could of think about whether we can squeeze this into the sprint or how that, how the thing will unfold. But from the top of my head, like, I do have ideas on how this can be implemented, but I would we would have to kind of go through the code a little bit.
Stephan Protsack 00:29:04
So trying to implement this with a minimum amount of rework, but overall, we'd have to do some kind of a solutioning.
Pranali Chhatbar 00:29:13
Yeah, no, that makes sense. And I only ask that because I think I'd like to get into a practice of us stating that this is a task as a multi sprint task so that we can set expectations with us and others as well, if that's the case. And that's the case, you know, so this, this sounds like it's looking like it would be a multi sprint task.
Stephan Protsack 00:29:40
Most likely. The question I have, I mean, we're not going to go get to like, I think we need to kind of at read through the next one. But the question is, should we dedicate time to come up with some kind of a solution to this problem or should we wait till you have your conversation with Hannah and for further prioritization?
Pranali Chhatbar 00:30:01
Yes, I would, I would say the second okay, we have poker planning tomorrow, so we can regroup back on those and chat more, estimate tomorrow as well, if possible. Okay. But, yeah, I think we were. We would need to dive a little.
Stephan Protsack 00:30:24
Okay. Let's then at least get ourselves familiar with this one. And after I know we see where we end up, we still have, like, what, 15 minutes. Hoping. I. I think this is a good start overall, having that ticket in front of the team and kind of going through this. Okay, let me read through this quickly.
Stephan Protsack 00:32:08
Читаючи це, я вважаю, що перша річ, яка прийшла на увагу, це...
Stephan Protsack 00:32:20
Так, Влад, відкривай.
Vlad Shapik 00:32:24
Я просто перевірював код, і я не бачу можливості залишати лист. Ми можемо зробити його неактивним через адмінне панелі дженго. Просто відпочиваємо відвертку.
Vlad Shapik 00:32:47
And. But it's like a temporary action and we just temporary hide it. But maybe it's about replacement or. I don't know, what is it?
Pranali Chhatbar 00:33:17
Sorry, But Vlad, did you have a question?
Vlad Shapik 00:33:20
Yeah. How data moderators delete the list, how do they do that?
Pranali Chhatbar 00:33:32
Good question.
Vlad Shapik 00:33:34
Because I don't, I don't see technical ability to do that.
Stephan Protsack 00:33:42
I think we can make, as you said, I think you can make the list inactive. Right. So that's kind of the, the, the thing we can do also.
Vlad Shapik 00:33:59
But it's inactive. It doesn't mean that you should delete all the data. Exactly.
Stephan Protsack 00:34:03
Just, but the question that they have, even if we do add the ability to delete, we can't really delete less. I don't know, I'm just thinking like let's say given an example, someone uploads the list and then they try to delete the list, but other contributors have contributed to that facility already. We can't really delete that OSID right away. Maybe delete all of the contributions of the particular user, but then also. I mean, I would need to double check technically as well. Is that or redeem? Let's say I delete.
Stephan Protsack 00:34:48
So let's say we have the facility table, right? Facility table creates the if I upload the list that from that list new facility can be created and that facility can be added to the facility table, but it will be created from a specific facility list item. And we would have facility list item ID in the facility table. Do I remember correctly or not? Do we have this connection maintained? Yes. But so we know which facility list item created the specific osid, right.
Vadim Kovalenko 00:35:25
It'S. Not but then the question right. Yes yes William. Great. So we we don't have ability facilities in the systems at the moment and you probably end up with multiple foreign key constraints if try to do so because it spreads across I don't know, maybe entire database I mean these relations.
Stephan Protsack 00:35:55
No, I understand that but even if we were to do like a soft delete when we just flip the boolean flag to say that this facility is deleted the other question that comes to mind is that well if we what if there are other contributions to the same facility should we delete only if there were no like should we solve whatever we mean by delete we can put that assign and figure that out later. Let's say we want to delete the facility from the even let's assume that that's possible on the database level like what is not possible.
Vadim Kovalenko 00:36:39
Complete facility is not possible.
Vlad Shapik 00:36:41
Facility. It's possible we have such an action. I remember.
Vadim Kovalenko 00:36:48
Not closing facility.
Vlad Shapik 00:36:51
No, we can delete it.
Vadim Kovalenko 00:36:53
We can delete facility.
Vlad Shapik 00:36:55
It's in the dashboard. Just deleting everything from the end and till the facility record. Okay, so. Yes, there is an approach to delete facility. It's just an endpoint with such an action.
Stephan Protsack 00:37:16
Okay, so currently admins on the dashboard can delete the facility, right? Yes. Okay, that's good. And then. When we talk about giving users the ability to delete their list from the system and then deleting all the facilities associated with that list, the question is like, even if we are to do that, the question that arises is that what if there are other contributions to that facility? Should we. Like, how should that.
Pranali Chhatbar 00:37:51
Yeah, that's a good question, actually. So with that as well, let me take back and discuss internally with the OSF team and understand what the expectations are so that we can better answer.
Vlad Shapik 00:38:10
Як це працює зараз, коли ми залишаємо фацілію, навіть якщо вона має підприємства? Ми не залишаємо всі підприємства, ми просто знайдемо... Я не хочу розповісти про код, але є така дефініція в коді, якщо ми її читаємо, що ми знайдемо найкращу підприємство. І з цієї найкращої підприємства ми створюємо нову продукційну локацію, з усіма підприємствами з залишеного фацілію.
Stephan Protsack 00:38:40
О, окей. І я отримую нову САД. Так, щоб я зрозумів правильно, якщо я йду зараз в адміндепорт, і я залишаю фацілію, вона забереть цю фацілію... Найкращу підприємство. Найкращу підприємство для цієї фацілії. Але як ти знаєш, які підприємства залишати?
Vlad Shapik 00:39:05
Good question. I don't remember. But it deletes all the information that was contributed by contributor to this facility. I mean to the original owner. By the original owner of this facility, the data that was contributed, it deletes all this information and creates production location from so called best match with all the other contribution data from other contributors, not the original.
Stephan Protsack 00:39:35
So. So basically, but like in the dashboard I've been like, only admins can do that. Or I as a contrib, only admins. But admin should specify the contributor. Like if I delete a facility, I need to specify a contributor id. No, I know it goes, it goes into the owner. So if you delete the.
Stephan Protsack 00:39:52
Okay, I understood. So when I. I'll give you an example and you correct me if I misunderstand this. So let's say I create the facility and then Pranali, Vadim and Vlad contribute to that facility. And then admin comes in. When they say delete, what they mean by delete the facility, they meet. Delete all of the original contributions for the facility. Delete contributions by the original contributor to the facility, meaning all my contributions will be deleted.
Stephan Protsack 00:40:29
Regardless of whether. Regardless. Admin deletes the facility, facility figures out who was the original, who created this facility on the platform, creator was me. So all my contributions go away. From three of you. It determines a best match of who has the best data, and then it kind of creates a new SID on top of that.
Vlad Shapik 00:40:54
Yeah, in a nutshell, it works like you described.
Stephan Protsack 00:40:58
Okay, so that would basically mean if we are to have. What we would mean by the list. Like if we were to have the ability to delete the list, it would basically mean deleting the list, meaning deleting all the contributions by that user to those OSIDs. And that would mean like not deleting OSIDs necessarily. It would go case by case, meaning let's say I contributed 50 records, 25 of them. Of them were, of them were matched to a different facility where I'm not the owner of that facility. That would basically mean that for those 25, we would have to just remove my contributions.
Stephan Protsack 00:41:46
But for other 25, when my list resulted in creating those facilities, we would go through the process I've described right now, and we don't have that capability right now. So. So that would have to do like a. Add the capability for the user to delete their lists, not, not just make them inactive, but delete them. And then that deletion would trigger the workflow that we have just described. But we would have to kind of bring that up into some kind of a job or something like that. Have like the, the technical capability to do that.
Stephan Protsack 00:42:19
Okay. Okay. I think.
Vadim Kovalenko 00:42:23
Can you please repeat the last part of the workflow? So about remain25. So are. They create new facilities. Based on the government?
Stephan Protsack 00:42:41
Yeah, I think I understood your question. So, basically what I was trying to say is. Let's say I'll make it much simpler. Let's say I create a list with two facilities and I applauded to the platform one. One facility list item resulted in me creating a new facility. And the other was matched to another facility. Right.
Stephan Protsack 00:42:59
So if I were to delete the lease, that means I need to. For the facility number one, that resulted in me contributing, I would need to just remove my contribution from that facility. But for the facility number two, I would actually need to delete the facility. Figure out the best match and create a new facility. Go through the workflow we have. That we already have.
Vadim Kovalenko 00:43:20
But from my perspective, it to end up creating another obsolete data in the database.
Stephan Protsack 00:43:30
Well, it's not obsolete per se. Like this means that other people contributed. There is a good chance that facility actually exists. You just don't want you to be the owner of that. But we can. We can dive deeper into that. Yeah.
Stephan Protsack 00:43:42
Pranali. Sorry. I see your hand up it.
Pranali Chhatbar 00:43:58
The connection is lost, I guess.
Stephan Protsack 00:44:02
Yeah, I think so. Yeah. I don't know if you can hear us, but if you're talking, we can't really hear you. Hey, PR we can hear something. So if you.
Pranali Chhatbar 00:44:46
Yeah, sorry, I got blocked, but I'm. Are you guys able to hear me? Yep. Yeah, sorry about that. I had a question. So that's very interesting. Behavior.
Pranali Chhatbar 00:45:02
Or. No. Okay, so I'll just share that with the rest of the team. I'm not sure if they're. I wasn't aware. So, yeah, I'll just share that.
Stephan Protsack 00:45:25
Yeah. I think, kind of to summarize both of those tickets, that those are not those are not trivial pieces of work, and I would have to figure out how to do it properly and kind of go through another round of. But we'll wait till you have other conversations, and when you come back, we can. Circle back on this and then kind of flesh it out. I I think we have one minute. But basically for this ticket, I don't know folks, if you I think everyone is familiar with this, so yeah, we can estimate it. Tomorrow on poker playing.
Vlad Shapik 00:46:07
I left one question. Just just interesting. Maybe it will be useful for the context while estimating about the deletion process, how data administrators delete the list right now. Just maybe it will help us or change our direction for the solution in I don't know. So that we know how they do that and properly implemented. I left that question under the ticket 2254.
Pranali Chhatbar 00:46:43
Yeah, that's definitely helpful. It looks like I need to have more conversations to understand the behavior and expectations for both of these and then we can chat more. Last quarter, we had discussed wanting to do these in Q1, but that might change with, you know, the priority for Insights. As I mentioned at the start of the call, the main focus for Q1 from all the pre planning discussions at the moment was to essentially slam dunk the Insights launches in Q1. So we're, we're willing to push everything else often. So. Okay, we'll check them.
Pranali Chhatbar 00:47:27
Okay, awesome then.
Stephan Protsack 00:47:29
Thank you all. Have a great rest of your day. See you. Thank you. Bye Bye.
