# OS Hub <> S&F: 2026 budget — 2025.11.20

Anna Miklasch 00:00:00
Doing all that stuff, so.
Natalie F. Grillon 00:00:01
Sure. Look at that.
Anna Miklasch 00:00:02
Okay.
Natalie F. Grillon 00:00:03
Yeah, I haven't seen him before.
Anna Miklasch 00:00:06
Yeah. So automation team, they built this. This cute guy and they built a workflow to, to connect it to specific topics and specific ad automation, by the way, includes sending meeting notes to the appropriate Slack channels afterwards. So he's his smarts.
Natalie F. Grillon 00:00:28
And is he. Is he musical as well? I see he has a little music note.
Anna Miklasch 00:00:34
Okay, that's. That's a nice to have feature for future. So. Yeah. Is it a.
Natalie F. Grillon 00:00:42
It's a they or is it a he or a she or it's a they.
Anna Miklasch 00:00:48
You're asking really tough questions, Netta.
Natalie F. Grillon 00:00:52
All right. You can come back to me with that.
Nick Gluzdov 00:00:56
We can kick them out anytime if we want to talk about something sensitive.
Natalie F. Grillon 00:01:01
Oh, yeah. Okay. No problem. So I think as you're. I mean, the context would be from a high level at the. Our board level. We made the recommendation to pass a conservative budget, and the board agreed.
Natalie F. Grillon 00:01:17
There's very little growth in our budget this year. The philanthropic environment continues to be. Uncertain as I mean everyone's I think, ready for this AI bubble to pop and for us to move into recession. Fortunately, Nvidia's earnings call was not, you know, what everybody was worried it might be. But the fact that everyone's dependent on the earnings call of one company to determine whether or not we're going to go into a recession I think says everything, you know. So we have, we passed a conservative budget. It's essentially steady state from where we were just based on what we're able to do.
Natalie F. Grillon 00:01:57
Plus a slight increase which we did across the board for staff and contractors, cost of living, Cola kind of a increase. Pranali, anything to add and like more specificity on that?
Pranali Chhatbar 00:02:14
No, I think that kind of states the reasoning behind that number.
Natalie F. Grillon 00:02:20
Yeah. So we would like it to be higher. We appreciate resources are constrained but this is what we were able to do at the moment. I think we recognize as a team that as and where more budget frees up we would love like this is the first thing that we would like to increase resources on because we recognize we have such a backlog. I think what we're trying to make some decisions about and we haven't had the chance, we've started to have a high level discussion about this is like what exactly Q1 looks like in terms of our internal resourcing matched with the speed and function resources. We have commitments around Insights launch in Q1, but anything else and we have a draft product roadmap. But I think Pranali, given the tech debt that we have and some of the things that we're thinking about doing with product, there are some questions around whether we sort of try to free up more resources on the data team side and give the data team the capacity to do some of the structural work that they've been wanting to do on that with engineering, as opposed to just the day to day grind of processing data which they spend so much time on.
Natalie F. Grillon 00:03:37
Like it would really be effective for them to be able to invest for three to four months on building and making their processes more efficient and more automated, rather than continuing this grind of processing. So that's something we're actively talking about. The other thing that we haven't made a final decision on, but we had discussions over the last two weeks. I think I told you on a nick, we were going to have some conversations around how we might restructure the team. To work more effectively together and to help Pranali not be like an octopus that every arm is being pulled in a million different directions. So one of the ideas that we're floating around is to have like a data in team and a data out team. Data in is more focused on processing the information that's coming in the claims that are coming in having an engineer, an SNF engineer associated with that team and then a data out team which is more sales driven and impact driven and having an engineer associated with that and then Pranali would have also the, in addition to being focused on one of those teams she would also have the, the day to day architecture and allocating resources also to, to helping the architecture.
Natalie F. Grillon 00:04:58
So it's, it's, it's a bit of a stretch. I don't, I don't know exactly if, if we can make it work we really have to stress test that and determine whether it's possible but that's another thing that we're thinking about.
Anna Miklasch 00:05:14
That's. Thank you, Natalie. That's really interesting. Like the last part about restructuring, so you kind of learn to split those work streams. Like, those would be like slightly different focuses and they will be managed how actually, like, would it be the same, like, product stream as it's now? Or are you thinking of, you know, really, really separating those streams and managing them, like, side by side?
Natalie F. Grillon 00:05:55
Well, right now, the way it works is that the data team is responsible for all the data. Right. Engineering is responsible for platform as well as for, as well as for the API and the embedded map, everything, all the products that we sell. And then you've also got on product, the actual architecture and day to day operations of the platform. And everyone. Everything feels too custom. Everything feels too, like we have to develop.
Natalie F. Grillon 00:06:35
There's just a lot of, like, latency in the way that we're using our human resources, because there's code, there's switching between projects, and there's also quite a bit of, like, custom planning for things. And it shouldn't have to be that way. Like, there should be five activities that a team is doing every day. Right. Or every sprint. And I think. That ends up, you know, for, for Pranali and for Danny and for others, there's just like too much that they're having to divide their time between.
Natalie F. Grillon 00:07:19
And so I think if we just got very smart around like, what did the data in team look like? And that team worked together very closely on, like, how do we make contributing data to Open Supply Hub as easy, as automated, as efficient as possible, with opportunities in some cases for data cleaning, being a paid service, where and when they recognize that, making that super efficient. And then on the data outside of things, it's the API, it's data downloads, and it's these impact things. And that team is focused on delivering on the best experience of getting data out of the platform. Right. And so that then your goals are very focused rather than having to say, okay, well I have a full landscape on the whole model of how Open Supply Hub works. It's more product focused.
Natalie F. Grillon 00:08:12
And Pranali, from past experience, has said where she's worked that's been effective as well. Rather than being functionally focused, you're product focused.
Anna Miklasch 00:08:21
Yeah. Okay. One more question on this and talking like from the product ownership perspective, that's actually what I'm asking about. Thank you for adding more detail on exact activities. That makes total sense. So there are really two product streams. Even we.
Anna Miklasch 00:08:45
Can put it like that. Yeah. Pranani, you understand what I'm asking about, right?
Pranali Chhatbar 00:08:49
But yeah, so I think there's still some discussion. Like I, I also have to share some thoughts and discussions on that as well. But I would assume that when I in the past when I've seen smaller teams try to take on some of these types of functions, traditional roles aren't always the way to go. Like you kind of work on the strengths of the team that you had. One person is very good at the product sense, another person is very good at the technical sense. And it may not be their traditional roles but you try to build a team that is. All of them combined, all their strengths combined, equal to what is needed to achieve the needs of that product.
Pranali Chhatbar 00:09:43
So, I mean, yeah, I know that there's further discussions on this to come, but I would imagine that's how we would proceed, you know, build a team that we can leverage the strengths of the individuals on that team to meet the needs of what a traditional, um, you know, product team would be.
Anna Miklasch 00:10:08
Okay. Actually that's a really, a really, really interesting conversation because it would definitely impact how engineering team is working and the whole, you know, processes, etc. But I'm not sure the good, the best time to dive even deeper.
Natalie F. Grillon 00:10:26
I think we have to make. Sorry, Anna, to cut you off. That's not on you. We need to come back to you with a proposal and then for you to feedback. We're still in. Like post. It note moving around like the post IT notes are.
Natalie F. Grillon 00:10:41
There's one iteration of the post IT notes. So we need, we need some more time. And this may not, this may be something that we. Test like with one. Team, like really starting out by building that data in team and getting that working really well and then starting the data out. I just, I don't know yet. Like, there's also a question of who we're going to hire.
Natalie F. Grillon 00:11:04
We're not going to hire another cto. We're going to hire a different role. And so what, like exactly what that position is. I think we talked about that a little bit on a nick, like the, the thinking that we were doing about that. So we have to figure out when exactly we're going to make that higher as well. There's a lot. Of debt, there's a lot of tech debt and.
Natalie F. Grillon 00:11:30
Radical idea that, you know, Pranali and I haven't had a chance to discuss. We have time later today is like, do we just shut the platform down for like three, four months and say we're not accepting any data? Like, we're construction zone. We are going to just. We won't accept any data. You can, you can certainly search the database, but we're not going to allow any new data into the tool for three months because our entire team is building. And when we come back, we're going to have a whole new, you know, experience for you with better data, better data outputs.
Natalie F. Grillon 00:12:07
I don't know exactly like it's just an idea, but I'm willing to look at, you know, extreme ideas like that because how in a resource constrained environment, you have to be creative. And so as a platform that offers a free service, we can certainly say, like, sorry, we can't accept your data for three months. We have that ability to do that. So everything's on the table in terms of how to use our resources appropriately.
Anna Miklasch 00:12:45
Okay, just last question on this. Did you consider involving maybe Stefan in some of those discussions to make sure that from the technical perspective, that makes sense? Like in terms of, you know, how. Like current platform capabilities and yeah.
Natalie F. Grillon 00:13:07
Absolutely. We would be very happy to have him and you and Nick and Annalina all. I think we just, I need some more time with the team and with Ria, our COO to talk about like, what could this really look like? When would make the most sense to do it? Is this, is this something that we can experiment with? I, we haven't even presented it to the, the full leadership team yet. Like Pranali hasn't even seen it yet, so it's still like very much in draft form.
Anna Miklasch 00:13:42
Okay. Okay. Okay, Good, good. I guess we can, you know, wrap this topic up for now and thank you for sharing that. We are definitely happy to jump in and yeah, provide our feedback and maybe, you know, just participate in some thinking and modeling in terms of the structure and. Yeah. So whenever you're ready.
Anna Miklasch 00:14:09
Okay. Great. In this case, I would suggest we go back to budget and talk a little bit about like, first. Natalie Prana, thank you so much for securing that budget and thank you for making it slightly like larger. That really highly appreciate it because that provides us some predictability and we can plan like build some plans around it. So thank you so much. What I'd like to discuss is actually some constraints and I show you they are visible to you as well.
Anna Miklasch 00:14:50
So I'm thinking how we can provide the most value given those limitations because. Like the number we have 40k, like 40 and 800 I guess something like that. I calculated per month. It gives us enough resources to keep like to maintain the team of two full time engineers and QA and Stefan because we don't really want to take him away from the team and project manager. So that's something that is sustainable for us. During Q3 and Q4 we kept three full time engineers because we knew the roadmap. We realized that, okay, you actually relied on that team, right?
Anna Miklasch 00:15:47
And you had a lot of priorities to be completed within 2025 and releases planned, etc. But it's really hard to maintain for us in long run. And I talked to you, Natalie. I remember we had this conversation and to Pranala that there is a chance we would release like remove one full time engineer from the team. We again, we didn't do that in Q3, Q4, we kind of not kind of actually absorbed that cost and we were happy to do that. But I'm thinking about next year, like how can we make it more sustainable for speed and function, how can we, you know, maintain the marginality that covers our expenses, etc. Especially considering that we are still providing raises to people, right?
Anna Miklasch 00:16:43
Like we are at their salaries. We have to give them a chance to grow the income. So. There is a chance, and I guess it's pretty high, that we'll have to leave two full time engineers on the team, plus QA capacity, of course, and plus Stefan and plus project manager. I'm still trying to think about how we can work with this budget and still providing you three engineers and thinking about maybe two and a half. I'm playing with those numbers and trying to fit to fit that in the budget. So the question I have probably three questions about this.
Anna Miklasch 00:17:35
So first, Natalie, you mentioned that. You would also like to increase this budget, if possible. So do you really think this may happen anytime soon? Like, do you have this? Okay. No idea. Okay, then if I.
Natalie F. Grillon 00:17:54
If I had a better answer for. You, I'd give it to you. I have no idea.
Anna Miklasch 00:17:57
Yeah. Because I'm thinking, okay, how long can we keep it this way? If we know that at some point, like in the, you know. Okay.
Natalie F. Grillon 00:18:06
I. The. The thing that I'm trying to do to increase the budget with the lack of philanthropic clarity, is to try to use our resources in a really smart way to build a product that generates revenue. And I just. I don't know. Right.
Anna Miklasch 00:18:25
Okay, then another question would be. Like what? Yeah, if we, if we have to make any trade offs. Right. What those trade offs could be. Because I feel, and those are assumptions I would like to validate with you. Like what would be more valuable to have Stefan's capacity, like having him available, having him around.
Anna Miklasch 00:19:00
Because I know that he can be really valuable on clients calls. Right. Like when it goes on some technical aspects of API integration or anything like that. And also architectural, high level, high level decisions on intersection of product and architecture. It's also like his strength. And I feel that we have to keep him around. I would like to.
Anna Miklasch 00:19:29
Right. On the other hand, there is like full time hands on engineer who can just do the work. And for me now it's kind of a trade off. I'm thinking of. Can you tell me more about. And pranaly. Maybe, given that you are really close with the engineering team, where do you see the biggest value we can provide?
Anna Miklasch 00:19:56
What is your understanding of that?
Pranali Chhatbar 00:20:02
I think Stefan's inputs on the tech solutioning is a big value that he brings. We have certain tasks deliverables that we're trying to achieve. I think one of the biggest values that he provides, and I would like for speed and function to continue to provide, is how to achieve that task in a simpler way, a way that we can solution this out so that the platform doesn't get overly complex for, you know, whatever solution that we're building towards. So. I think given the resources, the resource constraint that we have, identifying simpler solutions, trying to work towards solutions that are configurable for ongoing offerings, I think that's a big one. And it's not so, I'm seeing, not so readily apparent the first time we start talking about the things that we want to achieve. The task, the work.
Pranali Chhatbar 00:21:11
It takes a couple conversations to get that point after everyone's kind of wrapped their head around what the ask is. So, yeah, that's a big value.
Natalie F. Grillon 00:21:23
I think for now, without with with Kate not being there for December 30th from December 31st. Right. It probably makes sense to continue to staff Stefan in that capacity that you're just describing. Ana. And then after a few months, as we sort of get our head wrapped around, I mean, again, we have this draft product roadmap. But I think that there are some things that need to change on it. If we if and when we hire if not if and when when we do hire this additional person, we may decide that we want to shift to more engineering capacity, in which case then we we maybe we can have that conversation.
Natalie F. Grillon 00:22:09
But I think for now, it makes more sense to maintain Stefan and decrease the the engineer. And we can talk about Pranali, what the what the implications are for that in terms of the current roadmap, we have.
Anna Miklasch 00:22:30
I wouldn't like to do that. But yeah, that's probably the most reasonable way. Let's, okay, let's consider that as a preliminary. My God, sorry, I'm talking all day long, you know what I mean? Like preliminary agreement. But I guess when I will be drafting that change order for 2026, I will not specify the number, the hours and all this kind of stuff because I want us and you to be flexible because sometimes seeing the priorities, we realize that, okay, we can deliberately provide you with more capacity just to get things done because we know that you are growing and we want to help that growth as much as possible, right? At the same time when it comes to our financial issues, we would want to balance that.
Anna Miklasch 00:23:36
So I'm just trying to build expectations that in that change order we will give some space for that, some space for those changes. I don't want us to. To define them too strictly, I would say. If that's okay with you.
Natalie F. Grillon 00:23:59
Yeah, I think that's fine. It's just. I think a guaranteed minimum would be important.
Anna Miklasch 00:24:06
Absolutely. Yeah. That's for sure. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Makes sense.
Anna Miklasch 00:24:14
Another thing that can be. I just want to raise this and I don't know, maybe you will need to think about it and we can discuss this later. We have this thing. We have SLA on our contract. Right. And we and Angelina, correct me if I'm wrong, but we didn't drop uptime. This year.
Anna Miklasch 00:24:40
Like it's keeping on the same level.
Anhelina Bohdanova 00:24:42
Right. The total number is more than 99.9. We have some decreased value because of some down times regarding some endpoint issues and try to investigate the reason behind that. We have a couple of incident reports there but our general number, quarter number, I mean is more than 99.9. So yeah, we are aligned with SLA here.
Anna Miklasch 00:25:10
Yeah. Thank you. Thank you, Angelina. So the only concern I have like okay, that's really great that we can keep that number. We have put a lot of effort before like earlier in 2024 and stabilizing the system and making sure that we can keep that. I'm just concerned that. This requires additional work all the time.
Anna Miklasch 00:25:38
Right. To keep that high, we have to work with, as you mentioned, actually with stack depth. We have to address the current issues. We have to constantly monitor it and address and investigate the issues regarding uptime. So I'm just thinking about whether we and by the way, we have I don't know, Natalie, if you remember, but we have this item in a contract that implies some charges for SNF in case when we, you know, just drop those numbers. Yeah. It didn't happen before.
Anna Miklasch 00:26:15
I'm concerned that it, you know, it could happen just because priorities. Right. We will definitely prioritize things that move that move product further that, you know, help you. Help you get new partnerships, new clients, etc. And we usually, we tend to deprioritize tech debt just because of limited capacity. So I don't know whether we should address this in the contract or not. Maybe we can keep it like that.
Anna Miklasch 00:26:46
I just want to raise this and, you know, just, I don't want everyone to be aware that to keep those numbers as high as they are, we will definitely need to prioritize some, you know, just housekeeping work.
Natalie F. Grillon 00:27:02
I mean, what's the trade off? Pranali, have you noticed, I mean, have, have you felt like we've had to maintain that number? Do you, do you feel that resources have had to shift more to that when it drops?
Pranali Chhatbar 00:27:15
Minimally, but we've had just a few occurrences. They range anywhere from a few seconds to a few minutes. Yeah.
Natalie F. Grillon 00:27:24
Yeah, this year. I'm sorry, that's not my question. My question is in terms of having to shift resources. So honest, what I'm understanding, Anna, to say, correct me if I'm wrong, is because we're maintaining that 99.9 level, that we're concerned that resources are going to have to be allocated to maintaining that rather than spending on building and that the proposal might be, we might, it might make sense to drop that so that we're not having to move resources. And what I'm asking is historically, in the past six months since we've had to drop budget, have we, have we seen that happen?
Pranali Chhatbar 00:28:04
So when essentially when we have those downtimes, we do have resources that go investigate why the downtime occurred, what's the corrective action? There is time away from tasks, but it hasn't been extensive. It hasn't been a lot of time, given the fact that we've only had minimal downtimes. So short answer is potentially we might want to reduce it, but I don't think a lot is necessary.
Anna Miklasch 00:28:42
Yeah, actually those numbers are pretty good now, as I said, because we put a lot of effort in it before, and my concern is that we just cannot predict precisely whether we will need to change something in the future or not, because those issues, sometimes they are similar and we already know the reason, we can recover quickly, etc. Sometimes they are not that clear, and they require more investigation, etc. So naturally, I'm thinking about, like, maybe it's enough for us to just verbally agree on like, okay, we have those in our contract. We don't want to change anything right now. We just realized that if downtime happens, we need to put some effort in it, reprioritize some current staff, and make sure that we put enough time to investigate the reason so that it doesn't occur again. And. Change anything in contract forwarding so that's, that's I.
Anna Miklasch 00:29:50
If we agree on that, given our long relations and trust and all this stuff, I don't think we should actually proactively change. We are pursuing restructure and whether any pieces of the roadmap are shifting.
Natalie F. Grillon 00:30:04
Guess I'm happy if if we start having significant downtime and we recognize that the resources aren't there. I'm happy to have a conversation about it but it doesn't sound like it's something we need to address at the moment I guess. Is what I just. Based off of what I'm.
Natalie F. Grillon 00:30:06
We will come back to you for feedback and advice before we make any final decisions. Does that sound good? Yeah. Sounds really good.
Anna Miklasch 00:30:17
Hearing sounds fair. Again it's just for the sake of you know transparency and. Yeah good, good.
Anna Miklasch 00:30:18
Yeah. Thank you. Thank you for all your comments. That's really helpful. Yeah. Pleasure. We have a few minutes left.
Natalie F. Grillon 00:30:26
Nick, you always want to say something at the end or ask, do you have anything now?
Natalie F. Grillon 00:30:26
Yeah I hear you. I appreciate you raising it.
Anna Miklasch 00:30:29
Yeah that makes sense.
Natalie F. Grillon 00:30:30
Okay.
Anna Miklasch 00:30:31
Okay. Thank you. You know what actually talking about budget and team setup I guess I'm good for now. I'm not blocked anymore. I can proceed with drafting a change order and make sure that we are processing it and you know we are not stuck.
Natalie F. Grillon 00:30:50
Yeah yeah and I think we the the the. Task from us is once we have things a bit more solidified around how.
Nick Gluzdov 00:31:37
I was looking for the mute button. Oh, we only had half an hour.
Anna Miklasch 00:31:41
No, we have 45 minutes. We have a few minutes left. Okay. Yeah.
Nick Gluzdov 00:31:47
Well, Natalie, just a question. Like, how, since we talked last time, is anything changing in the high level that we need to know or any.
Natalie F. Grillon 00:31:59
Nothing additional to what I already shared? I mean, I think The. The. The Q1, Q2 roadmap or something that I want to dig into further with Pranali and Danny and make some decisions around freeing up resources. No major additional grants have. And I think we're just trying to really focus on, as I said prior, like, what that product market fit is and for sales and delivering on that and what exactly it is that we want to focus on building. So and then, yeah, I'm just trying to be creative and thinking about how we can free up additional resources internally that can help us, you know, sort of work on some of that tech debt before we release something new.
Nick Gluzdov 00:32:58
Makes sense. So my question would be also about, I guess, us supporting you in this transition, both for Pranali, to you and Natalie. So things are changing, and we don't want to just. I mean, we'll go with the change. Right. But we also want to be supportive to you in this change if we can. I'm sure that we can.
Nick Gluzdov 00:33:27
Sometimes you don't even think about a specific way we can do it. But if anything comes to mind how we can be additionally supportive to make sure that this transition goes smoothly, we'd love to try to implement it. So if you have anything in mind like that, please do share.
Natalie F. Grillon 00:33:43
Yeah, for sure we will. Yeah. As soon as we sort of have a better straw person on structure and roadmap changes, will. Will come back to you.
Nick Gluzdov 00:33:55
Good. Yeah. Because we, we want to. As a service company, one of the things that. One of the directions that we grow into is, you know, it's not just going. Getting better technically, but also getting better as a partner. Right.
Nick Gluzdov 00:34:13
So those are the things that feel free and don't hesitate to share with us if anything like that comes to mind because that's the thing that we are trying to develop on our end, regardless, across the board.
Natalie F. Grillon 00:34:31
Yeah.
Nick Gluzdov 00:34:32
And we. We actually need, like, client feedback as data to inform the strategy of that sort of a development.
Natalie F. Grillon 00:34:41
Yeah, I think. I think it's hard. I mean, I'm trying to wrap my hands around it, and I'll ask Pranali if, you know, certainly, to keep in mind feedback for the team. We know. We know things are constrained right now, so it's, you know, it's hard. It's hard to be like, oh, we want you to move faster when, you know, like, we're not. We're not able to resource in the way that we would.
Natalie F. Grillon 00:35:01
We would like to. And I'm just. I'm conscious of that. And I think we've been doing a good job of trying to move more quickly, but things have taken longer, I think, with. Correct me if I'm wrong, Pranali, things. Things ended up taking a bit longer with us with the launch of the new claims process than we anticipated. But, you know, that's kind of.
Natalie F. Grillon 00:35:29
I don't know how it. How it goes. I don't know if there's anything that could have been done about that. It's just we don't have enough. Enough resources to do things more quickly. Is that fair, Pranali, to say?
Pranali Chhatbar 00:35:48
I don't know how we would have proceeded differently. We tried to update the claims process in a single sprint. Normally that type of, type of work is something historically we've done, you know, across sprints. So I think it's just, again, the function of trying to move quickly to meet the market in a constrained environment. Yeah.
Nick Gluzdov 00:36:11
So could, like, expectation setting, if the expectation was setting, could have been better? Would that one have helped or not really?
Pranali Chhatbar 00:36:23
I don't think the expectation. I think the expectations were there on what the need was, but I think it's just a natural function of changing something so big in our process and naturally coming up with bugs and things that we need to work on post, you know, that single sprint. So they were able to deliver the foundational work for the updated claims process. What's remaining is bugs that have come up, you know, post that release. So which should be anticipated. You know, in any software development life cycle, there, there will be bugs. But we had set the expectation that we would only work through functional bugs that stop the claims flow and we'd work on, you know, anything that's related to designer copy in the following sprints.
Pranali Chhatbar 00:37:23
So essentially hard to say is Short answer.
Nick Gluzdov 00:37:26
Thank you.
Natalie F. Grillon 00:37:28
Yeah, I don't think it's anything with, with snf. I think it's internal to OS Hub, where we've got a stakeholder engagement team that's supposed to go out and work with organizations to start using the tool. And they had an understanding of a launch date, and it turned out we needed more time. And so that this is, like, this is a perfect example of where I feel like we need a restructuring because one, one group is moving forward with an understanding when another group has, you know, complexities that are coming up and not able to. We've, we've already made an announcement here, you know, so that's, that's the kind of stuff that, like, is causing frustration and feels like there's miscommunications there that we have to have to address.
Anna Miklasch 00:38:20
Yeah, it sounds fair. And, you know, it's a really interesting initiative regarding restructuring. From what I hear, you treat this as an experiment, right? So you will give it a try. You will see how it goes. You will probably set up some, I don't know, measurable something to make sure that it works as expected or not. So, yeah, happy to support that.
Anna Miklasch 00:38:47
And maybe we will have some valuable feedback for you and how to make this experiment successful. So, yeah. Thank you so much, Natalie Pranali. Really appreciate this call and also really appreciate you being able to make it earlier. I know I had to reschedule it, so thank you so much, and we will stay in touch. Yeah, that's probably all. All I have for today.
Anna Miklasch 00:39:17
Thank you, guys.
Natalie F. Grillon 00:39:18
Okay. Thank you very much. Keep an eye out for that change order and come back to you with for feedback.
Anna Miklasch 00:39:23
Yeah. Yeah, I will send it over as soon as it's ready. Yeah.
Natalie F. Grillon 00:39:26
Okay. Thank you. Thanks, everyone. Have a good rest of your day. Bye. Bye. Bye.
Natalie F. Grillon 00:39:29
Thank you.
Anna Miklasch 00:39:29
Bye. Bye. I'm staying for now.
