# [OS Hub] Sprint Planning — 2026.03.02

Vadim Kovalenko 00:00:00
Hey Emily, hello.
Anhelina Bohdanova 00:00:04
Yeah, same here.
Pranali Chhatbar 00:00:07
Yeah, nice to be on a call, sort of not one-on-one, but like more a smaller group than like the whole organization-wide calls.
Anhelina Bohdanova 00:00:16
Yeah, that's that's uh one of the main calls, I guess, sprint planning, uh, reviewing our plans and deciding how to work. Okay, I'm so happy our nodes bot is here. I was waiting for him for so long. He didn't join our meetings for a couple of weeks.
Stephan Protsack 00:00:39
It feels like he didn't like us. I don't know. I'm not going to those guys. Everyone else, I'm going to join.
Anhelina Bohdanova 00:00:51
Yeah, I'm glad to see him here. Okay, so we are waiting for Pranali and Vlad. Yeah, how are you doing? How's your Monday? How was your weekend?
Stephan Protsack 00:01:16
My weekend was actually pretty good. I actually, I mean, we have sun here in Germany now, so I can go out of the house and that was exciting. I spent like two days, almost two days outside. So trying to get some sun, some vitamin D. Yeah, it's definitely like it's getting much, much warmer here. So I'm excited to be honest. For the last two months, I was stuck in the house mainly because it was too, I don't know, it was either raining or foggy or stuff like that.
Stephan Protsack 00:02:02
And I didn't just, I mean, it's hard to get yourself outside of the house, especially if you don't have to commute to work.
Pranali Chhatbar 00:02:13
That's you and me both, Stefan. I completely echo all that.
Stephan Protsack 00:02:22
Yeah. How are you doing, Prinali? Are you getting better? Are you back to normal?
Pranali Chhatbar 00:02:29
I am not 100%, but I'm inching my way towards feeling like myself, which is very, very good. But yeah, just still taking it one day at a time. Trying to head to the dr. just to check myself out, run standard tests. And yeah, doing good for the time being.
Stephan Protsack 00:02:55
Glad to hear that, Prinali. That's, I don't know, it's just this season specifically, a lot of people were sick. And I don't know, maybe I probably say that every year, and I just have like my memory being wiped throughout the good weather. And then like winter comes along again, and I feel like, oh, everyone's getting sick.
Pranali Chhatbar 00:03:19
No, I think definitely this season was pretty rough for folks. How's everyone else doing?
Anhelina Bohdanova 00:03:30
I'm in the same boat with Staffan. It's really sunny in Ukraine and I'm happy about that. I hope that spring is definitely coming and I hope it will stay like that in the next couple of days. Because believing to the weather forecast, it's going to be snowy in a couple of days. And I hope it's not right. The forecast is not right. It happens.
Stephan Protsack 00:04:02
I don't know. It's usually the case that it is correct when the weather is bad, but it's really bad at predicting good weather. At least that's the feeling that I get. But that's probably my bias, though. I mean.
Anna Bondar 00:04:20
Yeah, regarding weather, we also had a very nice weekend today, a bit cloudy, but after three months of raining in Montenegro, it's so yeah, we're enjoying weather without rain. You take what you can get.
Anhelina Bohdanova 00:04:46
Okay, so we're all here. I guess we can start our sprint planning. And I was thinking what we should cover today. I believe that we can review our sprint and our progress for this and next sprints. And also, I believe we can discuss our collaboration and work with Emily and like spot some things that we need to cover before the start of the sprint. Yeah, that's what I was thinking about. What do you think?
Anhelina Bohdanova 00:05:22
Anything else?
Pranali Chhatbar 00:05:24
Maybe at the end of all that, I want to run through the copy stuff. But yeah, I think everything else you had mentioned before, definitely in that order.
Anhelina Bohdanova 00:05:34
Okay, yeah, I agree. Okay, in that case, let me share my screen. Let's take a look at our sprint. And yeah. So yeah. For now we have three tickets in Dawn and the three in QA. And we had a conversation with Anna.
Anhelina Bohdanova 00:05:58
We think we don't need to move them to the next print. It's going to be tested and yeah, today or tomorrow morning, Europe morning. And what about those tickets? Stefan Vlad for Deem, what do you think? I believe we need to move them.
Stephan Protsack 00:06:21
Yeah, I agree. Let's move them along. Although, like some of them are in the works, but it's still like I probably not going to be closed up today or tomorrow morning, maybe tomorrow in the 2nd part of the day or something like that. But overall, I think it's good just to move them to the next print.
Anhelina Bohdanova 00:06:44
Okay, okay, I see that Vlad Vitime agree, so I just do it.
Vlad Shapik 00:06:50
Yeah, let's move them.
Anhelina Bohdanova 00:06:53
Okay, so our next print looks like this.
Stephan Protsack 00:07:06
I think overall, before we jump into the kind of the follow-up stuff, I think that can we huh? Okay, so that's actually a good question. I think we discussed this a little bit last week. Although we see some of the work move forward to this spread, I think our overall conclusion in terms of like what's happening, I think we are good to wrap all of this up by the end of this spread. Do I remember correctly? Meaning we are not at this point we expect to deliver things on time or am I missing anything? Especially like Emily is going to come along and pick up one of the tickets at least.
Stephan Protsack 00:08:09
We'll see how things go afterwards. So again, thanks Emily for doing that and thanks for volunteering to help us out. But overall, I think that we're kind of on track with what's happening.
Pranali Chhatbar 00:08:23
I guess is that a question towards the OS Hub side or maybe Vlad and Vadim?
Stephan Protsack 00:08:30
Unsure who no, I was mainly talking to Vlad and Vadim and then just making sure that I'm not like that I'm representing the information correctly.
Vadim Kovalenko 00:08:45
Okay, so I'm looking at our schedule. So given information that I have, we don't have any release this sprint, which lasts to March 13th. So I anticipate to finish most of this work because so far no blockers actually from me regarding my tickets. And beyond that, we just need to align a bit with the styling between components because we actually working on the same set of work. And I think once we do this, other work will go faster, as I expected. And yeah, I'm more optimistic here, actually.
Stephan Protsack 00:09:44
Okay, sounds good.
Pranali Chhatbar 00:09:50
Have you guys already broken out the work? Like, I see half of the tickets have owners, the other half don't. Is that an action that's going to come later in the week? I'm just curious.
Stephan Protsack 00:10:04
I think the only thing we are we need to figure out is that not figure out, but basically like see whether we are on the same page here in terms of the work that's Emily going to pick up. And everything else I think Vlad and Vedium can redistribute based on availability, who finishes what faster and stuff like that. So that's that's I think that's that would be a best approach.
Pranali Chhatbar 00:10:33
Okay, sounds good.
Stephan Protsack 00:10:36
So that actually, unless anyone has any questions, that actually kind of flows into a next conversation. I think I've seen Vlad posted a kind of the in that thread, the suggestion? Yeah, so the I think the best way, again, and we can discuss this. This is not a like it is just a suggestion. We can play this however we want. Just I think the easiest thing for Emily to pick out right now, pick up right now and work on would be the what's the ticket. That's the ticket that you're looking at, right, and Helena?
Stephan Protsack 00:11:22
So supply and chain networks section contributors drawer. That would be something that would probably like give Emily the best kind of, so to say, onboarding experience. And then the contribution links to contributors, that is something that that is like the main thing there is it's a little bit of a nuance in that work in terms of how it interacts with the database. And my idea was that we can swap it out in terms of story points so that Emily picks up the drawer work, works in that, and then someone from the engineering team, if they get to like when they get to it, will pick up the links instead. So that would give us the ability to finish both, basically. Yes, Fernale. Sorry, you're muted.
Pranali Chhatbar 00:12:22
I was hoping to show, Emily, is it helpful to see this in the terms of like the final mock-up to understand or is it clear? Yeah, that would be useful, I think, just to make sure we're on the same page. Yeah, okay. Helpful for me as well to make sure I'm not misunderstanding anything. Stefan, just to confirm, so you guys are suggesting rather than the linkages in the supply chain network, rather than that to work on essentially noting the total number of contributors for the page here, like 18 brands, nine suppliers, et cetera, there, as well as showing that view here as well.
Stephan Protsack 00:13:17
I think glad you were slicing the work. Is this what the ticket is about?
Vlad Shapik 00:13:24
So this ticket is about full implementation of this drawer as we see that with link to contributor, with contributor type grouping, with all of these things that we see on the main page and in the drawer. And it's what is in the scope of the ticket that is suggested for Emily.
Stephan Protsack 00:13:55
So, yeah, okay.
Vlad Shapik 00:13:58
Contributor links, it's sorry, so that we don't misunderstand.
Stephan Protsack 00:14:07
Would you mind sharing your screen and going through that so that we're exactly on the same page here?
Vlad Shapik 00:14:15
Yeah.
Stephan Protsack 00:14:24
So, as for while Vlad is sharing things out, like all of the data that is being returned from the API endpoint should be already on the front end. So, it's the matter of building out the UI that is being presented on the mock-up. Yes, Vlad, go ahead.
Vlad Shapik 00:14:40
Yes, so this task that is that Emily can pick up, it's about this drawer and it includes linking to the contributors, contributor type grouping, this drawer with all of the stuff that is inside it. Contributor links that were mentioned as an option to skip, they are the links that we see in the data point drawers. By data point, I mean the fields like name, parent company, location type. And it's a 2nd part, it's a completely different part of the work that engineering, other engineers are going to pick up.
Stephan Protsack 00:15:39
I saw you were saying something. You were muted, or am I mistaken?
Pranali Chhatbar 00:15:45
No, I guess I was talking to myself. I thought that was already like the separation. I thought she already had the supply chain network portion. But it sounds like then we're on the same page.
Stephan Protsack 00:16:02
Yeah, okay. I mean, overall, Emily, if you have like I think it would be beneficial to sit down together and kind of go through that. I can set up some time on our calendars. Also, yeah, I mean, I want to make sure that you have everything you need to get this work done. So we can sit down and go through any questions that you have. I can share anything that I think would be important for you to kind of kickstart your work.
Stephan Protsack 00:16:44
Also, please don't hesitate to reach out. We're going to help you out however we can at the same time. Also, there is a also, I think it would be useful for you to just skim through our engineering playbook just to get an idea on how we do things so we can kind of figure it out. Yeah, so that you know how to approach the work from a technical perspective and stuff. But yeah. Anything else I'm missing here? Yes, Pranali.
Pranali Chhatbar 00:17:32
I'm reading through ticket 2367, the one that we're stating that Emily would pick up. Just want to make sure I don't see anything in regards to clickable links in this one.
Stephan Protsack 00:17:48
So I think that's meaning that data is already returned, so having those links clickable shouldn't be a problem. There's no need to do backend API updates, and that's mainly why it's not stated there. Do I understand that correctly, Vlad? Like that data is already there?
Vlad Shapik 00:18:05
It is not stated because it's like visually visible in the design. And as I said, this link is for data point droppers, but not for these droppers that is not data point related.
Stephan Protsack 00:18:20
Yeah, thanks. So making links clickable should be fairly simple. It's just because building out the URL with an ID of the contributor. And that data is already present.
Unknown speaker 00:18:35
Angelia?
Anhelina Bohdanova 00:18:38
Oh, yeah. Yeah, I was thinking it may be beneficial for Emily for you to join our stand-ups and QA. Usually we just meet and discuss some issues that we have right on the call. Yeah, we were thinking about that. If it's okay for you and your time, I believe. Yeah. What do you think?
Anhelina Bohdanova 00:19:02
Yeah, that would be useful, I think. Okay, good. Okay, I guess we can do that. And yeah, with all the materials that Stefan, you mentioned.
Stephan Protsack 00:19:23
Okay, then Emily, I'm just going to reach out to you in messages and we'll set something up to talk and get you onboarded and make sure you have everything you need.
Vadim Kovalenko 00:19:38
Yeah. Yeah, that sounds great. Thank you, Stefan.
Stephan Protsack 00:19:41
You're welcome. Thank you for helping out. Awesome. So going back to the agenda, we kind of discussed the scope. Scope is like the redesign work is our main priority. The discussed, like looks like we're on time, so no red flags there. Anything else we want to cover?
Vlad Shapik 00:20:05
Sorry, I'm just looking at the schedule and thinking about the necessity of clock refinement and poker playing this week. That we don't need it.
Pranali Chhatbar 00:20:24
Yeah, it's not been a like there's nothing else that I think we need to discuss at this point. Unless you want to use it for like copy review, I think it's more important for you guys to, you know, heads down, work on the tickets that you guys have. So more than happy to remove those from the calendar.
Stephan Protsack 00:20:47
I think yeah, I think Prinally let's I yeah but go ahead.
Vlad Shapik 00:20:52
Regarding copy review, I'm just thinking that we are at the point where we can update it right in the code because we haven't implemented a lot of front-end things. And I just wanted to ask Stefan and Vadim to update the text where it's possible and in the components that you already implemented as we haven't implemented the full page. I believe we can do this tiny changes right now so that we don't need to create some teak. It's very fine.
Stephan Protsack 00:21:31
Yeah, that makes total sense. I think one just one thing, Angelina, can you please note this down so that we come back to it? I don't know, like on one of the stands ups, just to make sure we don't forget to update the copy and we're keeping ourselves accountable.
Anhelina Bohdanova 00:21:49
Yep, okay.
Stephan Protsack 00:21:51
Awesome. Thank you. Thank you, Anna Holina. Yeah, Crowley.
Pranali Chhatbar 00:21:57
So it sounds like we're good to remove backlog refinement and co-bunning.
Stephan Protsack 00:22:01
Yes, I think we're good for that this week.
Anhelina Bohdanova 00:22:12
So, yeah, Stefan, if you don't mind, if we are done with this with all previous topics, I think we can start reviewing copies and updates. Yeah.
Unknown speaker 00:22:25
Yeah. Okay. Let me share.
Pranali Chhatbar 00:22:38
So, I just added everyone here to a folder in Google Drive. Let me share. You guys already have the link with the final copy from some time ago, maybe a week ago, it's shared in that channel. The production location page redesign. I'm going to share it in this chat again. And so, what I was hoping to do was just run through these documents to walk through what they're sharing so it's easy for you guys to parse through, you know, the detail that I provided.
Stephan Protsack 00:23:21
That's a great idea, Fernaly. Thank you for doing this.
Pranali Chhatbar 00:23:24
Yeah. So, what you're seeing, and actually, let me share a link to the folder in this chat as well. So, this is a folder. Oh, sorry. This is a folder that has three different things in it for the copy updates. You should be able to see it. Yeah, okay.
Pranali Chhatbar 00:23:59
For the copy updates, basically the image files here are side-by-side comparison to the old copy and the updated copy highlighted so it's easy to see where the differences are. Another is a change log also outlining what those differences are. And another document is how those changes impact and then the JIRA tickets that we have and how those JIRA tickets should be modified. So I'm going to start with the side-by-side comparison. So what you're seeing on the left here. I'm sorry, maybe let me open the file rather than having a view. I guess it's fine.
Pranali Chhatbar 00:24:55
What you're seeing on the left-hand side is the old copy, and the right-hand side is a new copy. You'll see that as you run through like the overview, if we start there with the jump to section, like e.g. , location is outlined. There's a number one next to it, and on the corresponding right-hand side, you have the new copy with the same number showing that that's been changed to general information. So everything's been changed. Everything that's been changed is outlined, including some of these that are tooltips. So if you look at the OSID, that entire OSID change item number nine is outlined, but there's no change to the actual OSID, obviously. That refers to the tooltip text.
Pranali Chhatbar 00:25:50
Two locations here. Something's been removed. So, item number four, you'll see on the right-hand side, it shows removed. And item 28 also shows removed. That's for certifications. At this time, we don't have certifications for launch, so we are removing that from the copy. Any questions on how this should be used?
Pranali Chhatbar 00:26:19
Anything regards to that?
Stephan Protsack 00:26:21
No, that seems fairly clear to me.
Vadim Kovalenko 00:26:25
Nope, I already added some deep text actually in my pull request regarding site.
Pranali Chhatbar 00:26:32
Same thing showing for the data drawers. So, minor changes with the title, the subheading. But, yeah, basically, it's the changes are outlined with these images, the 2nd data drawer. Okay, and also to assist in making this clear, let me share this now. Here's a change log. Let it pop up. Can you guys see my screen?
Stephan Protsack 00:27:14
Not yet.
Pranali Chhatbar 00:27:16
Not yet, right?
Stephan Protsack 00:27:18
It's coming through, I think, in the 2nd book. Yep. Now we can see it.
Pranali Chhatbar 00:27:24
So this is a change log. Basically, same thing. It's just noted in a document form if it's helpful. Here it also shows the actual tooltip description that's changed. I don't have this numbered. Maybe I should have it numbered to correspond to the other to the images. Let me know if that's helpful.
Pranali Chhatbar 00:27:44
That's easy to add in.
Stephan Protsack 00:27:46
I think it's, I don't think it matters. At least for me, I don't know if anyone, I think it's fine as is.
Pranali Chhatbar 00:27:56
Okay. I'm not going to run through the changes. Obviously, it's here. I just want to walk through this to kind of share with you guys how it can be used. The last one that I think was beneficial is the changes to the JIRA tickets. So there are about 13 JIRA tickets, I believe, that aren't already done that this impacts. And so they're all noted here.
Pranali Chhatbar 00:28:31
And maybe, Angelina, I was wondering if you could assist with noting these updates. So basically, the current description for the JIRA tickets is noted here. And then what needs to change is noted in purple. So it kind of outlines what that change is based off of the copy updates. Same thing here. So it runs through all 13 tickets, sharing what the description is, a brief summary of it, and what needs to change.
Anhelina Bohdanova 00:29:08
Okay, Pranoli, could you please share this document? I don't see it in our document, in our folder.
Pranali Chhatbar 00:29:19
Yeah, last night I tagged you guys to a different folder, and I realized it's probably better to make that folder more central. So I tagged you to another one this morning. Thank you.
Vlad Shapik 00:29:34
But I'm just thinking that we probably don't need to update all the tickets because we can just update the phrases that are referencing to old names and that's all. What do you think? I would not add something like rename this to that because we haven't implemented a lot on UI. I believe we can say that we are at the starting point and just update existing tickets.
Stephan Protsack 00:30:21
I think it's like if we want to node that, we can just node that in the ticket. It doesn't hurt. It's totally fine. But we can do it one or another way. I think I'm cool with us doing that, however, we think it's useful. I don't know if anyone else has other.
Anhelina Bohdanova 00:30:49
I believe yeah, I think we can reference this document in our Jira tickets. Like, you know, this is the link, go there and preview it. And what do you think? Like, not to repeat all the...
Vlad Shapik 00:31:04
I don't see. Look, how we work on that. We don't look at any like special, like, I don't know. We don't have special list of the copies or something like that. We look at the design and it's our main reference. So what is in the design, we implement it. We have this text, we add this text to the page.
Vlad Shapik 00:31:29
So I believe we just need to update the design reference in the tickets. There is a link to the design. And it will be enough.
Pranali Chhatbar 00:31:39
Show the lovable link?
Vlad Shapik 00:31:41
Yeah, there is a link to lovable, but it's old one and it should be changed to a new one. And it will be our source of truth. Yeah. The main thing that is the most important is to understand that the structure of the page has not been changed. The only thing that has changed is text and probably maybe some links were added to the text or within the text, which is not something that should be really highlighted in the tasks.
Stephan Protsack 00:32:30
Okay. Again, regardless, I think it's fine one way or another way. We're still going to refer to that document and take a look at that. Yeah. And yeah, what else? Is there anything else we need to go through?
Pranali Chhatbar 00:32:53
I wanted to mention one more thing. So on the OS Hub side, this Thursday, we are going to have our go-no-go discussion for this project. And I am still creating the template for that discussion, but I guess I'll share it with you guys. And if there's anything you want to mention in terms of any blockers for launch, any concerns, any risks, please let me know. Please share. From my vantage, we're a go from the various different areas. But again, I'll share that document for your review.
Stephan Protsack 00:33:31
Oh, yeah, amazing. Thank you, Pranali.
Anhelina Bohdanova 00:33:33
Thank you.
Pranali Chhatbar 00:33:37
That's it for my side. Okay then.
Stephan Protsack 00:33:43
Go ahead, Lina. Sorry.
Anhelina Bohdanova 00:33:46
Fine. Yeah, in that case, if there's nothing to discuss, I think we can wrap up and use our time for other work activities.
Stephan Protsack 00:33:54
Awesome. Thank you all. Have a great rest of your day. Emily, I'm going to message you after this. So we'll all keep in touch.
Anhelina Bohdanova 00:34:04
Have a nice day, everyone. See you.
Unknown speaker 00:34:06
Thanks. See you.
